<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20180102_10-K_edgar_data_863894_0001562762-17-000231_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11359591</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>540742</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>474868</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3619401</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4137116</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1908588</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>51</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001562762-17-000231.hdr.sgml : 20180102
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20171229173314
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001562762-17-000231
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20170930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180102
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20171229

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VERU INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000863894
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FABRICATED RUBBER PRODUCTS, NEC [3060]
		IRS NUMBER:				391144397
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13602
		FILM NUMBER:		171282784

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4400 BISCAYNE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		STE 888
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33137
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3125959123

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4400 BISCAYNE BOULEVARD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 888
		CITY:			MIAMI
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33137

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FEMALE HEALTH CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960205

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WISCONSIN PHARMACAL COMPANY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001562762-17-000231.txt : 20180102

10-K
 1
 veru-20170930x10k.htm
 10-K

20170930 10K FY

UNITED STATES   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION    

Washington, D.C. 20549    

FORM 10  -K    

(Mark One)    

For the fiscal year ended   September   30, 2017 

For the transition period from                          to                        

Commission file number 1  -13602 

Veru Inc.    

(Name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code   (  305) 509-6897 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class   

Name of each exchange on which registered  

Common stock,   $.01   par value     

NASDAQ Stock Market  

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

(Title of Class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 o  f the Securities Act.   Yes       No        

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes       No        

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirem  ents for the past 90 days. Yes       No        

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the   preceding     12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).  Yes       No     

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.     

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated file  r,   a smaller reporting company  , or an emerging growth company  . See   the   definition  s   of  large accelerated filer,   accelerated filer  ,     smaller reporting company  ,      and  emerging growth company    in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer  

Accelerated filer  

Non-accelerated filer  

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company)  

Smaller reporting company  

Emerging growth company  

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.      

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Ru  le 12b-2 of the Act). Yes       No        

The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates   of the registrant as of   March   31, 2017  , was approximately   $  28.5   million   based on the per share closing price as of   March   31, 2017   quoted on the NASDAQ Capital Market for the registrant s common stock, which was    $  1.01  .    

There were   53,208,489   shares of the registrant s common stock,   $  0.01   par value per   share outstanding at   December   21, 2017  .    

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:  

Portions of the Proxy Statement for the     201  8   Annual Meeting of   the Shareholders of the Registrant are   incorporated by reference into Part III of this report. 

As used in this report, the terms  we,   us,   our,   Veru  and the  Company  mean Veru Inc. and its subsidiaries collectively, including Aspen Park Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from and after   October   31, 2016, unless the context indicates another meaning, and the term "common stock" means shares of our common stock, par value of $0.01 per share. 

1   

VERU INC. 

FORM 10-K 

September   30, 2017 

TABLE OF     CONT  ENTS 

PART I  

Page  

Item 1.   

Business   

4    

Item 1A.   

Risk Factors   

22    

Item 1B.   

Unresolved Staff Comments   

38    

Item 2.   

Properties   

39    

Item 3.   

Legal Proceedings   

39    

Item 4.   

Mine Safety Disclosures   

39    

PART II  

Item 5.   

Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   

40    

Item 6.   

Selected Financial Data   

41    

Item 7.   

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   

42    

Item 7A.   

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk   

49    

Item 8.   

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   

49    

Item 9.   

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   

49    

Item 9A.   

Controls and Procedures   

49    

Item 9B.   

Other Information   

50    

PART III  

Item 10.   

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance   

51    

Item 11.   

Executive Compensation   

51    

Item 12.   

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   

51    

Item 13.   

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence   

51    

Item 14.   

Principal Accountant Fees and Services   

51    

PART IV  

Item 15.   

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules   

52    

Signatures   

57    

2   

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K which are not statements of historical fact are intended to be, and are hereby identified as, "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results, plans, objectives, expectations and intentions, costs and expenses, outcome of contingencies, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, cost savings, objectives of management, business strategies, clinical trial timing and plans, the achievement of clinical and commercial milestones, the advancement of our technologies and our products and drug candidates, and other statements that are not historical facts.  You can identify forward-looking statements by words such as "anticipate," "believe," "could," "expect," "intend," "may," "opportunity," "plan," "predict," "potential," "estimate," "should," "will," "would" or the negative of those terms or other words of similar meaning.  These statements are based upon the Company's current plans and strategies, and reflect the Company's current assessment of the risks and uncertainties related to its business, and are made as of the date of this report.  These statements are inherently subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties.  You should read these statements carefully because they discuss our future expectations or state other "forward-looking" information. We believe that it is important to communicate our future expectations to our investors. However, there may be events in the future that we are not able to accurately predict or control and our actual results may differ materially from the expectations we describe in our forward-looking statements.  Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those currently anticipated include the following.  

our ability to secure adequate capital to fund product development, working capita  l requirements, advertising and promotional   expenditures   and strategic initiatives;     

risks related to the development of our product portfolio, including clinical trials, regulatory approvals and time and cost to bring to market;     

product demand and market acceptance;     

many of our products are at an early stage of development and we may fail to successfully commercialize such products;     

risks related to intellectual property, including licensing risks;     

increased competition   from existing and new competitors including the potential for reduced sales, pressure on pricing and increased spending on marketing;     

risks inherent in doing business on an international level;     

the disruption of production at our manufacturing facil  ities due to raw material shortages, labor shortages and/or physical damage;     

our reliance on major customers and risks relating to delays in payment of accounts receivable by major customers;     

our growth strategy;     

our continued ability to attract a  nd retain highly-skilled and qualified personnel;     

the costs and other effects of litigation, governmental investigations, legal and administrative cases and proceedings, settlements and investigations;      

government contracting risks;     

our ability to   identify, successfully negotiate and complete suitable acquisitions or other strategic initiatives; and     

our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses, technologies or products.     

All forward-looking statements in this report should be considered in the context of the risks and other factors described above and in "Risk Factors" in Item 1A. of this report.  The Company undertakes no obligation to make any revisions to the forward-looking statements contained in this report or to update them to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this report.  

3   

PART I  

Item 1. Business  

General 

Veru Inc. is a urology and oncology biopharmaceutical company.  The Company does business as both "Veru Healthcare" and "The Female Health Company."  On July 31, 2017, the Company changed its corporate name from The Female Health Company to Veru Inc.  

Veru utilizes the U.S. Food and Drug Administration's (FDA) 505(b)(2) regulatory approval pathway to develop and commercialize drug candidates. The FDA's 505(b)(2) regulatory approval pathway is designed to allow for potentially expedited, lower cost and lower risk regulatory approval based on previously established safety, efficacy, and manufacturing information on a drug that has been already approved by FDA for the same or a different indication.  Veru is developing drug candidates under the 505(b)(1) pathway as well, which is the traditional full new drug application (NDA) pathway that requires a complete preclinical, clinical, and manufacturing application. The Company is currently developing drug product candidates for benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH or enlarged prostate), overactive bladder (urge incontinence, urgency, or frequency of urination), hot flashes in men associated with prostate cancer hormone treatment, erectile dysfunction, male infertility and novel oral therapy (alpha   beta tubulin inhibitor) for a variety of malignancies, including metastatic prostate, breast, endometrial, ovarian, and other cancers.  

To help support these clinical development programs, the Company markets and sells the FC2 Female Condom  (FC2) into the US market by prescription and other sales channels and through The Female Health Company Division in the global public health sector (ministries of health, government health agencies, U.N. agencies, and nonprofit organizations). In addition, the Company markets and sells the PREBOOST      (4% benzocaine medicated individual wipes) which is a male genital desensitizing drug product for the prevention of premature ejaculation (PE) that is being co-promoted and distributed with Timm Medical Technologies, Inc. 

On October 31, 2016, as part of the Company's strategy to diversify its product line to mitigate the risks of being a single product company, the Company completed its acquisition (the APP Acquisition) of Aspen Park Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (APP) through the merger of a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company into APP.  The completion of the APP Acquisition transitioned us from a single product company selling only the FC2 Female Condom      into a biopharmaceutical company with multiple drug products under clinical development and commercialization focused in urology and oncology. 

On August 12, 2016, the FDA agreed that the Company's Tamsulosin DRS (tamsulosin HCl delayed release sachet) medication, a proprietary slow release granule formulation for the treatment of lower urinary tract symptoms of an enlarged prostate, called benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH), a $3.5 billion market, qualifies for the expedited 505(b)(2) regulatory approval pathway.  In March 2017, the Company initiated a bioequivalence clinical study for Tamsulosin DRS and in April 2017 announced the successful completion of Stage 1 of the bioequivalence clinical study, which selected the optimal formulation of our proprietary Tamsulosin DRS product.  In October 2017, the Company initiated Stage 2 of the bioequivalence clinical study of Tamsulosin DRS and in November 2017 announced the results of Stage 2 of the bioequivalence clinical study.  During the Stage 2 bioequivalence clinical study, dosing with Tamsulosin DRS fasted and Tamsulosin DRS fed were successfully shown to be bioequivalent with FLOMAX fed based on AUC, which is the key determinant of drug exposure over time.  The Tamsulosin DRS formulation still needs to meet the remaining bioequivalence criterion for peak value (Cmax). The Company intends to initiate a new bioequivalence study after adjusting the formulation to address Cmax and expects this study to be completed in the first quarter of 2018. The Company plans to develop Tamsulosin XR (tamsulosin HCl extended release) capsules as well. The Company does not believe that the new bioequivalence study and capsule formulation development will affect the timing of its planned submission of an NDA for Tamsulosin DRS granules and Tamsulosin XR capsules and, if the new bioequivalence study is successful, plans to submit the NDA in the first half of 2018.  

On May 13, 2017, the Company announced positive results of a clinical study of its novel PREBOOST     product.  The PREBOOST      Phase 4 clinical study enrolled 26 men aged 18 years or older in a heterosexual, monogamous relationship, with PE, defined as reported poor control over ejaculation, personal distress related to ejaculation and average intravaginal ejaculatory latency time (IELT) of two minutes or less on stopwatch measurement. After treatment with PREBOOST     , 82 percent of men were no longer considered to have PE with an increase time to ejaculation on average of 5 minutes.  Results showed that treatment was well tolerated.  Therefore, the results of the study showed that PREBOOST      prolonged time to ejaculation, supporting the clinical validity of PREBOOST      for the prevention of premature ejaculation.  The Company launched the product in the United States on January 6, 2017 and on October 3, 2017 entered a co-promotion and distribution agreement with Timm Medical Technologies, Inc.  

The Company presented an overview of its drug candidate for male infertility, VERU-722 by invitation from the FDA to present at the meeting of the Bone, Reproductive and Urologic Drugs (BRUD) FDA Advisory Committee on December 6, 2016. The FDA uses advisory committees to obtain independent expert advice on scientific, technical and policy matters. At the meeting, the committee discussed appropriate clinical trial design features, including acceptable endpoints for demonstrating clinical benefit, for drugs   intended to treat secondary hypogonadism (low testosterone levels) while preserving or improving testicular function, including  

4   

spermatogenesis. At the meeting, the FDA Advisory Committee provided guidance for clinical trial design and endpoints. The committee agreed with the intended patient population to treat, and supported the use of improvement of semen quality for such clinical endpoints as avoidance of aggressive assisted reproductive procedures such as in vitro fertilization or pregnancy. Based on this advice, the Company plans to consider advancing VERU-722 into Phase 2 clinical trial in men with testicular dysfunction [oligospermia (low sperm count) and secondary hypogonadism] as a cause of male factor infertility. 

On   May   24, 2017, the Company announced that, following a Pre-Investigational New Drug Application meeting with FDA, it plans to advance VERU-944 (cis-clomiphene citrate), oral agent being evaluated for the treatment of hot flashes in men receiving hormone therapy, androgen deprivation therapy (ADT), for advanced prostate cancer into Phase 2 clinical trial utilizing the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway. Approximately 80% of men receiving one of the common forms of ADT, including LUPRON , ELIGARD  and FIRMAGON , experience hot flashes and 30-40% will suffer from moderate to severe hot flashes.  An investigational new drug application (IND) is expected to be filed with FDA in the first quarter of 2018. 

On   December   11, 2017, the Company announced   that it has acquired world-wide rights to a novel, proprietary oral granule formulation for solifenacin from Camargo Pharmaceuticals Services, LLC.  Solifenacin is the active ingredient in a leading drug VESIcare  for the treatment of overactive bladder in men and women. Solifenacin Delayed Release Granule (DRG) formulation addresses the large population of men and women who have overactive bladder (OAB) and who have dysphagia, or difficulty swallowing tablets.  In PreIND meeting, FDA confirmed that a single bioequivalence study and that no additional nonclinical, clinical efficacy and/or safety studies will be required to support the approval of Solifenacin DRG product for the treatment of overactive bladder.    The Company plans to complete the Solifenacin DRG bioequivalence study in 2018 and to file the NDA in 2019  .  

On   December   15, 2017, the Company acquired world-wide rights to Tadalafil-Finasteride combination   capsules   formulation from Camargo Pharmaceuticals Services, LLC.  Tadalafil-Finasteride combination   capsules   (tadalafil 5mg and finasteride 5mg) is a new, proprietary formulation that addresses the large population of men who have lower urinary tract symptoms and restricted urinary stream because of an enlarged prostate. T  adalafil 5mg is a phosphodiesterase 5 (PDE5) inhibitor marketed under CIALIS      for benign prostatic hyperplasia and erectile dysfunction and finasteride 5mg is a Type 2, 5-alpha reductase inhibitor marketed under PROSCAR       to decrease size the prostate, prevent urinary retention and the need for prostate surgery in men who have an enlarged prostate.   In   PreIND meeting held in November 2017, FDA agreed that a single a bioequivalence study and no additional nonclinical, clinical efficacy and safety studies will be required to support the approval of   Tadalafil-Finasteride combination capsules via a 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway.   The Company plans to complete the bioequivalence study in 2018 and to file the NDA in 2019. 

Prior to the completion of the APP Acquisition, the Company had been a single product company, focused on manufacturing, marketing and selling the Female Condom (FC2) in the public sector.  FC2 is the only currently available female-controlled product approved for market by the FDA and cleared by the World Health Organization (WHO) for purchase by U.N. agencies that provides dual protection against unintended pregnancy and sexually transmitted infections (STIs), including HIV/AIDS and the Zika virus.  In 2017, The Company established new commercial sales channels for US market to generate new revenue. Nearly all of the Company s net revenues for fiscal 2017 were derived from sales of FC2. 

Company History 

Veru Inc. is the successor to The Wisconsin Pharmacal Company, Inc. (Wisconsin Pharmacal), a company which manufactured and marketed disparate specialty chemical and branded consumer products. Wisconsin Pharmacal was originally incorporated in 1971. 

The FDA approved the Company's first generation Female Condom, FC1, for distribution in the U.S. in 1993 and approved the Company's U.K. FC1 manufacturing facility in 1994.  Prior to 1996, Wisconsin Pharmacal owned certain rights to the Female Condom in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico.  In 1996, the Company completed a series of actions which resulted in the Company's acquisition of worldwide rights to FC1, the divestiture of Wisconsin Pharmacal's other businesses and the change of the Company's name to "The Female Health Company."  As a result of these actions, the Company's sole business consisted of the manufacture, marketing, and sale of the FC1 Female Condom.  

In 2005, the Company completed the development of its second generation Female Condom (FC2).  FC2 was first marketed internationally in March 2007 and has been marketed in the U.S. since August 2009.  FC2 was approved by the FDA as a Class III medical device on March 10, 2009.  In addition to FDA approval, FC2 has been approved by other regulatory agencies, including the European Union, India, and Brazil.  Based on a rigorous scientific review, WHO cleared FC2 for purchase by U.N. agencies in 2006.   

On   October   31, 2016, the Company completed the APP Acquisition.  Pursuant to the APP Acquisition, the outstanding shares of APP common stock and preferred stock were converted into the right to receive in the ag  gregate 2,000,000 shares of our   common stock and 546,756 shares of our Class A Convertible Preferred Stock - Series 4 (the Series 4 Preferred Stock).  Effective as of   July   31, 2017, the shares of Series 4 Preferred Stock converted into a total of 21,870,240 shares of common stock, resulting in the total issuance of 23,870,240 shares of common stock to the former stockholders of APP in the transaction.    The total estimated purchase price of approximately $19,807,980 was based on the closing price of our common stock of $0.95 per share on October 31, 2016 and certain  

5   

discounts due to lack of liquidity and other factors. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statement for detail on how the purchase price was determined  . 

Strategy 

Our goal is to be a leading biopharmaceutical company focused   o  n urology and oncology by developing a portfolio of pharmaceutical products that address significant health needs in large potential markets.  We have combined the revenue and cash flows from the market leading FC2 female condom with APP's deep pipeline of pharmaceutical and consumer health product candidates.  Initially, we intend to focus on the three low-cost, near-term and potentially high-reward programs that are expected to qualify for the abbreviated 505(b)(2) FDA regulatory pathway: Tamsulosin DRS and   Tamsulosin XR capsules for BPH   and VERU-944 for hot flashes in men taking hormonal therapies for advanced prostate cancer.  The 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway can result in a much less expensive and faster route to approval, compared with the traditional 505(b)(1) regulatory development path, while creating new, differentiated products with potentially high commercial value.   The Company is also developing new chemical entities such as VERU-111 for the treatment of metastatic prostate, breast, endometrial, ovarian, and other cancers and VERU-111/112 for the prevention and treatment of gout and Familial Mediterranean Fever (FMF) via the traditional 505(b)(1) regulatory development pathway. 

The key elements of our strategy are as follows: 

Obtain regulatory approvals of products in North America, Europe and Asia  .    Assuming the successful completion of clinical trials, we expect to file, or a partner will file on our behalf, for regulatory approval of our pharmaceutical products in North America, Europe and Asia, including Tamsulosin DRS and Tamsulosin XR capsules for the treatment of BPH, Solifenacin DRG for the treatment of OAB, Tadalafil/Finasteride combination capsules for the initial treatment of BPH in men with enlarged prostate, VERU-722 for the treatment of male infertility, VERU-944 for the treatment of hot flashes in men on prostate cancer hormonal therapies, VERU-111 for the treatment of metastatic prostate, breast, endometrial, ovarian, and other cancers and VERU-111/112 for the prevention and treatment of gout and Familial Mediterranean Fever (FMF).     

Develop a portfolio of   urology and oncology pharmaceutical   products  .    We have developed or acquired development and marketing rights to a portfolio of urology and oncology pharmaceutical products and intend to continue to acquire, in-license and develop new pharmaceutical products that we believe offer unique market opportunities and/or complement existing product lines.  We have adopted a three-tier strategy with respect to licensing or acquiring new products and technologies designed to diversify the risks inherent in traditional new chemical entity pharmaceutical development: (i) license or acquire fully-developed, FDA-approved products that have development potential and offer certain market protection against competitors, such as patent rights, marketing exclusivity or orphan drug designation; (ii) create differentiated products with potentially high commercial value by selecting a new indication for or modifying existing FDA-approved products utilizing the 505(b)(2) FDA approval pathway; and (iii) identify and acquire products and technologies in late preclinical or early clinical stages of development to minimize the time and expense   of development.     

Focus on products with significant potential commercial opportunities in   urology and oncology   markets  .    We intend to focus on developing drugs that we believe have potential significant commercial opportunities in markets.  The core areas of interest include BPH, overactive bladder, sexual dysfunction,   erectile dysfunction,   cancer treatments for prostate, breast, endometrial, ovarian and other cancers, amelioration of prostate cancer hormonal therapy side effects including hot flashes and bone loss, and male infertility. We believe that these areas of the pharmaceutical market are large, growth markets.  Through continued specialization as a urology and oncology company and by continuing to refine its capabilities in clinical research and development and marketing, we believe we can develop a strong position to be a leader in these markets  .     

Develop business and enhance research through strategic alliances  .    A key component of our business strategy is to leverage the resources gained from each collaboration to expand our technology and operations base.  In addition, we believe outsources functions to health science companies (CROs), collaborations with academic centers and small discovery innovative companies will supplement the scientific resources available to us and broaden access to rapidly emerging drug discovery candidates  .     

Develop opportunities in the consumer and prescription markets  .    The Company believes that there are opportunities to develop the prescription market for FC2, and that such marketing of FC2 will complement the consumer launch of PREBOOST .    The Company appointed a Chief Commercial Officer for Veru to oversee the implementation of its marketing plan for FC2 by prescription and PREBOOST , as well as the future prelaunch and launch activities for Tamsulosin DRS, Tamsulosin XR capsules  , Solifenacin DRG, and Tadalafil/Finasteride combination capsules.     

Continue efforts in the global public sector  .    The Company intends to continue to develop global markets for FC2 for both contraception and STI prevention, including HIV/AIDS and the Zika virus. The Company has developed contacts and relationships with global public health sector organizations such as WHO, UNFPA, USAID, and the United Nations Joint Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS), country-specific health ministries, NGOs and commercial partners in various  

6   

countries. In   November 201  6, the Company appointed a President of The Female Health Company Division.  The Company also has representatives in various locations around the world to provide technical and marketing support as well as assist with its customers  prevention and family planning education programs  .     

Capitalize on expertise and reputation of our management team and scientific advisors  .    Our management team has significant expertise and experience in urology and oncology as well as drug development, marketing and sales which will enable us to manage effectively the preclinical studies and clinical trials of drug candidates and product commercialization.  In addition, we intend to capitalize on the strong reputations of the members of our management and board of directors with academic institutions, hospitals, physicians, pharmacists and distributors to expand its customer base and to introduce new products  .     

Products 

The following table summarizes the current status of the Company s product portfolio: 

U.S.  

REGULATORY  

DEVELOPMENT  

PRODUCT  

INDICATION  

PATHWAY  

PHASE  

Urology 505(b)(2) Drug Candidates  

Tamsulosin Delayed Release Sachet (DRS) (tamsulosin HCl 0.4mg for e  xtended-release oral suspension  ) and Tamsulosin XR capsules (tamsulosin HCL 0.4mg extended release capsules  )  

Benign prostatic hyperplasia  

505(b)(2)  

Bioequivalence study  

Solifenacin Delayed Release Granules (DRG)  

Overactive bladder  

505(b)(2)  

Bioequivalence study  

Tadalafil/Finasteride combination capsules (tadalafil 5mg/ finasteride 5mg)  

Initial treatment of men with lower urinary tract symptoms and enlarged prostate  

505(b)(2)  

Bioequivalence study  

VERU-944 (cis-clomiphene citrate)  

Hot flashes in men on prostate cancer hormonal therapies  

505(b)(2)  

Phase 2  

VERU-722 (fixed ratio of trans- and cis-clomiphene citrate isomers)  

Male infertility caused by testicular dysfunction  

505(b)(2)  

Phase 2  

Oncology Drug Candidate  

VERU-111- Novel oral alpha and beta tubulin inhibitor  

Metastatic prostate, breast, endometrial, ovarian and other   cancers  

505(b)(1)  

Preclinical  

Other 505(b)(1) Drug Candidates  

VERU-111/VERU-112- Novel oral agent that targets colchicine binding site of tubulin   

Gout and Familial Mediterranean Fever  

505(b)(1)  

Preclinical  

Commercial Products  

FC2 Female Condom     

Unintended pregnancy and STIs  

FDA approved  

Marketed  

PREBOOST      (4% benzocaine wipes)  

Premature ejaculation  

FDA monograph compliant  

Marketed  

7   

Tamsulosin DRS (tamsulosin HCl 0.4mg  for   extended release oral suspension) and Tamsulosin 0.4mg XR capsules (tamsulosin HCl extended release capsules)  for the treatment of lower urinary tract symptoms of BPH  . 

Scientific Overview  .  Tamsulosin DRS is a new slow release granule formulation containing the active pharmaceutical ingredient in FLOMAX      (tamsulosin HCl) capsules which is a commonly used medicine for the treatment of symptoms of BPH, also known as enlargement of the prostate.  FLOMAX        is indicated for the treatment of symptoms of BPH.  Tamsulosin is a selective alpha  1   adrenergic receptor blocking drug that is specific for the alpha  1   adrenergic receptors located in the smooth muscle of the prostate and bladder neck.  Symptoms associated with BPH occur, at least in part, as a result of increased smooth muscle tone of the prostate and bladder which leads to constriction of urinary flow, urinary retention, urinary infection, kidney damage and life threatening blood infection called urosepsis.  Blocking these alpha  1   adrenergic receptors relaxes the smooth muscles of the prostate and bladder neck resulting in the improvement of urinary flow rate and alleviation of the symptoms of BPH.  As stated on the FDA approved package insert, FLOMAX      capsules should not be crushed, chewed or opened, because doing so changes the speed by which the drug is absorbed into the bloodstream.  Further, FLOMAX      capsules can only be taken after a meal. It has a  food effect  such that, if  FLOMAX        is not taken with food, the drug gets in too fast and men are placed at higher risk for dizziness and postural hypotension (sudden drop in blood pressure upon standing that can lead to fainting). Tablets and capsules are problematic for 15% of men over the age of 60 in the general community and the up to 60% of men in long term facilities who have difficulty or cannot swallow tablets and capsules because of certain medical conditions, including degenerative neurological diseases like Parkinson's, having suffered a stroke, and Alzheimer s disease.  Not being able to take an alpha blocker drug for BPH, like FLOMAX     , because of difficulty or not able to swallow tablets and capsules may lead to the increased risk of acute urinary retention, urinary catheterization, urosepsis and death.  These men are currently managed with diapers, catheters, or surgery. Because Tamsulosin DRS is a new proprietary slow release granule formulation containing the active pharmaceutical ingredient in FLOMAX     ,   it would provide a more convenient and reliable way to deliver therapeutic levels of tamsulosin to men who have difficulty or cannot swallow tablets and capsules.  

Development Plan.    This new formulation called Tamsulosin DRS contains the same active pharmaceutical ingredient, tamsulosin, that is found in FLOMAX      (tamsulosin HCl 0.4mg) capsules and, as such, would be expected to have the same efficacy and safety as FLOMAX     .        This information can be referenced under a 505(b)(2) NDA submission for Tamsulosin DRS. On August 12, 2016, the FDA agreed that the Company's Tamsulosin DRS medication, a proprietary slow release granules formulation for the treatment of lower urinary tract symptoms of BPH, a $3.5 billion market, qualifies for the expedited 505(b)(2) regulatory approval pathway.  In March 2017, the Company initiated a Stage 1 (pilot) bioequivalence clinical study for Tamsulosin DRS, and in April 2017, announced the successful completion of Stage 1 of the bioequivalence clinical study, which demonstrated that the blood levels of the Tamsulosin DRS over time were bioequivalent to FLOMAX     . In August 2017, the Company initiated Stage 2 of the bioequivalence clinical study of Tamsulosin DRS and in November 2017 announced the results of Stage 2 of the bioequivalence clinical study.  During the Stage 2 bioequivalence clinical study, dosing with Tamsulosin DRS fasted and Tamsulosin DRS fed were successfully shown to be bioequivalent with FLOMAX      fed based on AUC, which is the key determinant of drug exposure over time.  The Tamsulosin DRS formulation did not meet the remaining bioequivalence criterion for peak value (Cmax). The Company intends to initiate a new bioequivalence study after adjusting the formulation to address Cmax and expects this study to be completed in the first half of 2018.  Unlike FLOMAX     , the new tamsulosin granule formulation, based on the bioequivalence studies, does not appear to have a food effect which means that the new formulation may be administered without food. This difference may have a market advantage not only for men who cannot swallow capsules, but also for men who can swallow capsules. As a consequence, the Company is also developing Tamsulosin XR (extended release) capsules, which contain the new formulated granules, for the urology and primary care markets. The Company does not believe that the new bioequivalence study will affect the timing of its planned submission of an NDA for Tamsulosin DRS and Tamsulosin XR capsules and, if the new bioequivalence study is successful, plans to submit the NDA in the first half of 2018. In addition, the Company plans to meet with the European Medicines Agency (EMA) to discuss the requirements to file a Marketing Authorization Application (MAA) in EU in 2018. 

Market.    The initial commercialization plan for Tamsulosin DRS granule formulation is to target men in long term care facilities and men in the community who have difficulty or cannot swallow tablets and capsules. Currently, tamsulosin oral suspension is not currently available,and if approved, would be the only oral suspension formulation that would be available on formularies in long term care pharmacies. A sales force is not required for this product as pharmacists and physicians in long term care facilities would identify patients that would benefit from this formulation.. Tamsulosin XR capsules, however, will be marketed to urology and primary care physicians, and the Company will either commercialize itself or seek marketing and sales partnerships. Based on IMS data, FLOMAX      and generic tamsulosin sales from March 2014 to March 2015 were $3.5 billion in the U.S.  The U.S. market for all alpha blockers for BPH is estimated to be $4.5 billion annually per IMS.  Men in long term care or nursing homes have up to a 60% prevalence of swallowing difficulties and account for about 13% of total tamsulosin sales, whereas over 15% of men over 60 years of age in the general population have difficulty swallowing tablets and capsules. Tamsulosin DRS and Tamsulosin XR capsules, if approved, will be new branded, not generic products. 

8   

Solifenacin Delayed Release Granules (DRG) (solifenacin succinate for extended release oral suspension) for the treatment of overactive bladder.   

Scientific Overview  .    Solifenacin DRS is a new proprietary granule formulation containing the active pharmaceutical ingredient in   VESIcare      (Solifenacin 5mg or 10 mg tablets). Solifenacin is a competitive selective M  3    muscarinic receptor antagonist.  Solifenacin is indicated for the treatment of overactive bladder (OAB) which are symptoms of urge urinary incontinence, urgency, and urinary frequency in men and women. Muscarinic receptors play a major role in mediating contractions of the urinary bladder.  

Development Plan.   In November 2017 PreIND meeting, FDA   confirmed that Solifenacin DRG qualifies for a 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway. FDA also agreed that a single bioequivalence study will be sufficient to support the approval of Solifenacin DRG product for the treatment of overactive bladder and no additional nonclinical, clinical efficacy and/or safety studies will be required..   The Company plans to complete the Solifenacin DRG bioequivalence study in 2018 and to file the NDA in 2019.  

Market  .    Solifenacin DRS (solifenacin succinate extended release for oral suspension) is a new proprietary oral extended release granule formulation being developed for men and women with overactive bladder and dysphagia, difficulty or cannot swallow pills or capsules.     In the US, the prevalence of OAB   was similar in women and men, at 16.9% and 16%, respectively.   According to the US Department of Health and Human Services (2014), up to 36.7% of short-term residents and 70.3% of long-term nursing home residents were not in complete control of their bladder (2014). Annual sales for VESIcare      tablets (5 mg and 10 mg) were approximately $1.1 billion dollars according to IMS Health 2017 sales data and worldwide annual direct costs of OAB are expected to be greater than 10 billion dollars by 2018. Like OAB, dysphagia (swallowing difficulty) is also a growing health issue in our aging population.  Up to 38% of elderly who live independently and up to 68% of elderly nursing home residents have difficulty swallowing. Swallowing difficulties are particularly prevalent in people who have Parkinson s Disease (80%), Alzheimer s Disease (40-70%) and Stroke (50%). These are the same conditions that are associated with OAB, and unfortunately, currently available selective M  3    muscarinic receptor antagonists, including solifenacin, are only available as tablets. According to FDA label, tablets   should be swallowed whole and not chewed, crushed or broken  .    Currently, Solifenacin DRG oral suspension is not currently available, and if approved, would be the only oral suspension formulation of a M3 muscarinic an  ta  gonist that would be available on formularies in long term care pharmacies. A sales force is not required for this product as pharmacists and physicians in long term care facilities would identify patients that would benefit from this formulation.  

Tadalafil-Finasteride combination   capsules   (tadalafil 5mg and finasteride 5mg) for the   initial treatment of men with lower urinary tract symptoms and enlarged prostate  

Scientific Overview.     Tadalafil-Finasteride combination   capsule   is   a new, proprietary formulation that addresses men who have lower urinary tract symptoms and restricted urinary stream because of an enlarged prostate.   CIALIS      (tadalafil 5mg) and PROSCAR       (finasteride 5mg) co-administration is indicated for the initial treatment of BPH for up to 26 weeks. CIALIS      (Tadalafil 5mg) is a phosphodiesterase 5 (PDE5) in  hibitor and PROSCAR       (finasteride 5mg) is a Type 2, 5 alpha reductase inhibitor. Tadalafil 5mg daily has been approved for the treatment of erectile dysfunction and BPH. Finasteride 5mg has been approved the treatment of BPH: to improve symptoms, to reduce risk of acute urinary retention and the need for prostate surgery, and to prevent progression of BPH.  

Development plan.     In a November 2017 PreIND meeting, FDA confirmed that Tadalafil/Finasteride combination capsules qualifies for a 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway. FDA also agreed that a single bioequivalence study and no additional nonclinical, clinical efficacy and/or safety studies will be required to support the approval of Tadalafil/Finasteride combination capsules for the initial treatment of lower urinary tract symptoms in men with enlarged prostates. The Company plans to complete the Tadalafil/Finasteride combination capsules bioequivalence study in 2018 and to file the NDA in 2019. 

Market.   The worldwide prevalence of BPH lower urinary symptoms is estimated to be 10-25% of the male population and will rise to 1.1 billion men by 2018. Currently, co-adminstration of CIALIS  and PROSCAR  is currently FDA approved for the initial treatment of signs and symptoms of BPH up to 26 weeks.  According to Elkelany O et al. (Therapeutics and Clinical Risk Management 11:507-513, 2015), other men who may benefit from this co-administration include: 1) men who have a suboptimal response to 5 alpha reductase inhibitors alone (PROSCAR (finasteride) or AVODART (dutasteride)) 2) men who have a suboptimal response to an alpha blocker alone (FLOMAX  (tamsulosin), HYTRIN  (terazocin), UROXATRAL  (alfuzosin), CARDURA  (doxazosin), and RAPAFLO  (silodosin)) or in combination with a 5 alpha reductase inhibitor (JALYN  (dutasteride/tamsulosin combination)) and 3) men who have an optimal response to 5 alpha reductase inhibitors, but who also have erectile dysfunction. A Tadalafil 5mg / Finasteride 5mg combination capsule is not currently available.  A combination capsule would increase convenience and drug compliance. Poor compliance with a BPH medicine could lead to increase chance of acute urinary retention, urosepsis, and death. The Company would consider marketing and sales efforts of this product to urology, but seek co-promotion partners for primary care physicians in US.  The company would seek pharmaceutical partnerships in territories outside the US. 

9   

VERU-944 (cis-clomiphene citrate) for the treatment of hot flashes caused by prostate cancer hormonal therapies in men with advanced prostate cancer. 

Scientific Overview  .    Prostate cancer is the most common noncutaneous cancer diagnosed in m  en, with over 161,000 new cases in the U.S. in 2017.  The estimated prevalence of prostate cancer in the U.S. is 2.35 million cases for which over one-third will have received androgen deprivation therapy.  Hot flashes, also known as vasomotor symptoms, are the most common and distressing side effect of prostate cancer hormonal therapies.  Hormone therapies include androgen deprivation, like LUPRON      (leuprolide) or ZOLADEX      (goserelin), as well as the newer agents approved to treat advanced prostate cancer such as ZYTIGA      (abiraterone) and XTANDI      (enzalutamide).  Up to 80% of men on androgen deprivation therapy complain of hot flashes and 30-40% will have moderate to severe hot flashes.  Hot flashes are defined as intense heat sensation, flushing and profuse sweating and chills as well as anxiety and palpitations.  Although episodes of hot flashes occur repeatedly and last a few minutes, some may last up to 20 minutes.  Hot flashes associated with prostate cancer hormonal therapies tend to persist over time with the same frequency and intensity throughout therapy.  Up to 50% of men continue to report hot flashes after five years on prostate cancer hormonal therapy.  Patients on prostate cancer hormonal therapy report significant effects on daily functioning and quality of life.  Hot flashes are one of the main reasons for patients to be noncompliant with their prostate cancer hormonal therapy.    As prostate cancer patients with advanced and metastatic disease are living longer because of more effective hormonal therapies, hot flashes have become an even bigger concern and impact on quality of life. 

Hormonal and nonhormonal therapies have been used off-label to treat hot flashes in men on prostate cancer hormonal therapies.  In general, hormonal agents especially estrogens have been shown off-label to be helpful for  treating hot flashes.  However, estrogen treatment is complicated by lack of consistent dosing, dose dependent gynecomastia (breast enlargement), gynecodynia (painful breasts), and increase in t  hromboembolic events.  Nonhormonal agents that have been also used off-label include anti-seizure agents and antidepressants that have serious side effects.  Moreover, nonhormonal agents tend to be less effective than hormonal therapies for the treatment of hot flashes.  There are no FDA-approved therapies for hot flashes caused by prostate cancer hormonal therapy in men with advanced prostate cancer.  CLOMID      (clomiphene citrate), which contains 30-50% zuclomiphene, appears to be well-tolerated in 39 published studies in over 2,200 men with doses as high as 400 mg/day and up to three years of use.  CLOMID      (clomiphene citrate) also contains the trans-isomer, enclomiphene which causes hot flashes as such CLOMID      (clomiphene citrate) and generics cannot substitute for VERU-944 as they will actually exacerbate hot flashes. VERU-944 is the pure cis-clomiphene.  Cis-clomiphene is a potent nonsteroidal estrogen receptor agonist.  We believe that a nonsteroidal hormone therapy like VERU-944 has the potential to be an effective and well tolerated treatment for hot flashes caused by prostate cancer hormonal therapies in men with advanced prostate cancer. 

Development Plan.    As VERU-944, cis-clomiphene, comprises 30-50% of CLOMID  (clomiphene citrate) which is approved for the treatment of ovulatory dysfunction in women desiring pregnancy, the Company believes that it will be able to reference parts of the nonclinical and clinical safety information from both the listed drug labeling and the published literature under the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway.  On May 24, 2017, the Company announced that, following a Pre-IND meeting with the FDA in which the Company received concurrence on the 505(b)(2) pathway, that FDA agreed with plan to advance the proprietary drug candidate, VERU-944 (cis-clomiphene), into a dose finding Phase 2 clinical trial for the treatment of hot flashes in men receiving hormone therapy (ADT) for prostate cancer. Approximately 80% of men receiving one of the common forms of ADT, including LUPRON  (leuprolide), ELIGARD (leuprolide) and FIRMAGON (degarelix), experience hot flashes.  The Company expects to file an IND with the FDA and begin the Phase 2 dose finding clinical trial to evaluate VERU-944 for the treatment of hot flashes in men on androgen deprivation therapy in the first half of 2018. 

Market.    Hot flashes are the most common side effect of prostate cancer hormone therapy occurring in up to 80% of men, with about 30-40% having moderate to severe hot flashes.  Approximately 700,000 men annually in   the United States are on androgen deprivation therapy, abiraterone, or enzalutamide for advanced prostate cancer.  There are currently no FDA-approved therapies for hot flashes associated with prostate cancer hormonal therapies.  The annual U.S. market for the treatment of hot flashes in men on prostate cancer hormonal therapies is estimated to be $600 million  . 

VERU-722 (Fixed ratio of trans- and cis- clomiphene citrate isomers) for the treatment of male infertility related to testicular dysfunction. 

Scientific Overview.    Up to 10% of infertile men have an endocrine cause and 2% of infertile men have an adult onset form of idiopathic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism.  Current FDA-approved treatments for this indication include Human Chorionic Gonadotropin (HCG) and Follicle Stimulating Hormone (FSH) injections.  There are no FDA-approved oral therapies for male infertility. CLOMID      (clomiphene citrate) 50mg tablets are being used off-label as first line empiric therapy in 90% of idiopathic infertile men.  CLOMID      is FDA-approved for the treatment of ovulatory dysfunction in women desiring pregnancy.  CLOMID is a mixture of two geometric isomers cis-clomiphene (zuclomiphene) and trans-clomiphene (enclomiphene) containing between 30-50% of the cis-clomiphene isomer.  Trans-clomiphene has antiestrogenic activity, while the cis-clomiphene has estrogenic activity.  In men, clomiphene has the ability interact with the hypothalamus and pituitary gland to cause the secretion of Luteinizing Hormone (LH), and  

10   

the higher levels of LH will stimulate Leydig cells in the testes to produce testosterone, to promote spermatogenesis, and to improve sperm count and quality. 

Based on the scientific literature, clomiphene has demonstrated the ability to improve sperm quality and sperm counts in infertile men and result in higher pregnancy rates.  Based on 39 published studies, clomiphene appears to be well tolerated in men with doses as high as 400 mg/day and up to three years of use.  However, the efficacy results for an individual patient have been inconsistent from study to study for several reasons: the form of clomiphene used contains varying ratios of the trans- and cis-clomiphene isomers, different doses were given, various dosing schedules were followed and different patient populations were studied.  Clomiphene has not been formally studied for regulatory approval for the indication of male infertility; therefore, there is no established dose or schedule for efficacy or safety in men.  VERU-722 is a patented, proprietary daily oral tablet that has a specific fixed ratio of the combination of trans- and cis-clomiphene isomers. 

Development Plan.    VERU-722 is being developed as the first FDA-approved oral agent for the treatment of male infertility.  VERU-722 has fixed ratio of the combination of trans- and cis- clomiphene isomers.  We believe that using a fixed ratio approach will allow the determination of the correct dose and schedule for efficacy and safety for the treatment of male infertility.  The patient population will be men who have hypogonadotropic hypogonadism and oligozoospermia (low sperm count).  We   met with the FDA for a pre-IND meeting on May 28, 2015 where the FDA confirmed that VERU-722 qualifies for the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway.    The formulation, doses and dosing regimen for VERU-722 will differ from those of CLOMID     .  Despite the differences, the approval of VERU-722 will rely on nonclinical and clinical efficacy and safety information from the listed drug labeling and in the published literature.  On December 6, 2016, the Company was invited to discuss our clinical trial design and plans with the FDA as part of The Bone, Reproductive, and Urologic Drugs FDA Advisory Committee Meeting.  Based on positive regulatory recommendations by the BRUD FDA Advisory Committee, we are reviewing our plans to file an IND and possibly initiate a Phase 2 clinical study.   

Market.    If approved,     VERU-722 will be indicated as the first oral treatment for male infertility.        Infertility affects 6.1 million couples in the United States representing 15% of all couples trying to conceive.  Up to 50% of infertility is attributed to males who are subsequently found to have abnormal semen analysis, of which 50% of these men are diagnosed with idiopathic, or unexplained, infertility.  Ninety percent of men with idiopathic male infertility are empirically treated with off-label use of CLOMID     .  VERU-722 may be effective in treating male factor infertility caused by testicular dysfunction [low sperm concentration (oligozoospermia) and low testosterone blood levels (hypogonadotropic hypogonadism)].  The current U.S. market size for male infertility is estimated to be $700 million annually based on current off-label use of CLOMID      and clomiphene generics prescription data (IMS)  . 

VERU-111, a novel oral therapy   targeting alpha and beta tubulin   for the treatment of metastatic prostate  ,   breast  , endometrial   ovarian  , and other   cancers. 

Scientific Overview.    In 2017, there were approximately 161,000 new cases of prostate cancer in the U.S. and about 25% will die from the disease.  In the U.S., 5% of men with prostate cancer will have metastatic cancer and up to 30% of men with high-risk, localized prostate cancer will develop metastatic cancer following initial therapy.  The median survival of patients with metastatic prostate cancer ranges from 3.2-4.5 years.  For these men, the 1  st   line therapy is androgen deprivation therapy, or medical castration. Although most will initially respond, nearly all these patients will progress to metastatic castration resistant prostate and have a poor prognosis with an average survival of 1.5 years.  New 2  nd   line hormonal agents, like XTANDI      (enzalutamide) and ZYTIGA      (abiraterone/prednisone) have resulted in an additional four to five months of average survival, but again, nearly all men on these agents will develop progressive metastatic prostate cancer. 

Agents that target tubulin, the subunits of microtubules, have been shown to be the most effective targeted cytotoxic chemotherapy for the treatment of metastatic prostate cancer. Microtubules are critical for cancer cell replication and to shuttle the androgen receptor into the nucleus where the receptor stimulates genes for cancer cell proliferation.  Docetaxel and cabazitaxel are examples of FDA-approved chemotherapy drugs that are given intravenously (IV) that target tubulin to treat metastatic prostate cancer.  Although effective, the challenges for this class of chemotherapy agents, also known as taxanes, include that they must be given intravenously (IV) and that the cancer cells develop resistance to taxanes. There are also serious safety concerns with IV taxanes which include serious hypersensitivity reactions, myelosuppression and neurotoxicity such as peripheral neuropathy and muscle weakness. 

VERU-111 is a novel small molecule that is a new chemical entity (NCE) that has been optimized to be a novel oral therapy targeting alpha and beta tubulin subunits of microtubules.     Unlike taxanes which bind to just the beta subunit of tubulin, VERU-111 binds strongly to both the alpha and beta subunits of tubulin.  VERU-111 has high oral bioavailability; less resistance as it does not interact with multiple drug resistance proteins so it cannot be pumped out of the cancer cell; minimal drug to drug interactions especially not metabolized by CYP3A4, and has high activity against many tumor types including prostate cancer resistant to drugs like enzalutamide, AR-V7 positive, and taxanes as well as triple negative breast cancer, ovarian cancer, pancreatic cancer, lung cancer, and melanoma.  In preclinical studies, VERU-111 appears to have less neurotoxicity and leukopenia compared to taxanes and vinca alkaloids chemotherapy agents.  

Development Plan.    The Company plans to develop VERU-111 initially as a treatment for men with metastatic prostate cancer that have failed hormonal therapy and therefore their disease has progressed.  The Company is also evaluating the drug in other cancer  

11   

types that are historically known to be sensitive to taxane based chemotherapies including metastatic breast, ovarian and endometrial cancers. Production of the active pharmaceutical ingredient and preclinical safety toxicology studies required for an IND are expected to be completed in 2018, anticipate filing IND in early 2018, and Phase 1/2 studies are planned for 2018.  The Company is partnering with The Johns Hopkins Hospital Cancer Center and their cancer center network to conduct the Phase 1/2 clinical studies. Phase 1 studies of VERU-111 are planned in men who have metastatic prostate cancer that has progressed while taking androgen deprivation therapy and abiraterone or enzalutamide as well as in patients with metastatic breast, endometrial, and ovarian cancers. 

Market.    In the U.S., there is a $5 billion annual market for 2  nd   line hormone therapies for prostate cancer and a $4.8 billion annual market for IV-given taxanes and vinca alkaloids chemotherapies (docetaxel $1 billion and cabazitaxel $500 million in prostate cancer) per Decision Resources Group and Allied Market Research.  Second line hormonal therapies like enzalutamide and abiraterone/prednisone have almost complete cross-resistance and should not be used in sequence for the treatment of metastatic prostate cancer.  VERU-111, as an oral therapy targeting alpha and beta tubulin, could be substituted for IV given docetaxel and cabazitaxel antitubulin chemotherapies.  VERU-111 could also be developed a 1  st   line therapy given with androgen deprivation in men who have hormone sensitive, high volume prostate cancer where androgen deprivation therapy and docetaxel have been shown in several studies to increase survival in these men by 17-21 months.  Another 1  st   line indication could be developed in men who have metastatic prostate cancer and splice variants of the androgen receptor including a common variant known as AR-V7.  Prostate cancer hormone therapies are not effective in men who have AR-V7.  However, this type of cancer appears to respond to docetaxel and may be potentially treated by a novel oral therapy targeting alpha and beta tubulin like VERU-111.  VERU-111 could also be developed as an oral dosing alternative to chemotherapies for the treatment of metastatic breast, endometrial, and ovarian cancers as these tumors that responded to IV taxane chemotherapies.  

VERU-111  /  VERU-112 for the treatment of gout and Familial Mediterranean Fever  . 

Scientific Overview.    Colchicine is FDA-approved for prophylaxis and treatment of gout flares in adults (0.6-1.2mg/day) and for FMF in adult and children four years and older (0.3-2.4mg/ day depending on age).  Gout is a type of arthritis characterized by sudden, severe attacks of burning joint pain, usually the big toe, because of the deposition of uric acid crystals in the joint.  The attacks can be recurrent and last a few days to many weeks until there is pain relief.  Gout is a disease of high levels of uric acid in the blood and is ten times more common in men than women.  Colchicine is effective to prevent and to treat acute attacks.  

FMF is a hereditary inflammatory disorder caused by mutations in the MEFV gene that causes episodes of fever, pain and swelling in the abdomen (peritonitis), lungs (pleuritis), heart (pericarditis) and joints (arthritis) in adults and children.  Signs and symptoms of FMF usually begin in childhood with attacks that last for weeks or months.  Colchicine is considered the gold standard and the only drug recommended for treating FMF.  Colchicine is used at low doses to prevent and treat these FMF patients chronically. 

Colchicine has a narrow therapeutic index which means that the doses required to treat the disease and the occurrences of serious safety issues are close.  Colchicine has common side effects such as abdominal cramping, nausea and diarrhea that have limited its use.  More concerning, however, colchicine has "warning and precautions" in the label for drug-drug interactions and should not be taken in conjunction with other drugs that are P-gycoprotein (P-gp) or strong CYP3A4 inhibitors as this could lead to serious side effects and death.  Examples of drugs and other items that could increase the concentration of colchicine in the blood into toxic ranges include certain antibiotics, antidepressants, lipid lowering drugs, tranquilizers, grapefruit juice and antihistamines. 

VERU-111, and its back up VERU-112, are NCEs, small molecules that have high oral bioavailability, and like colchicine, bind to the "colchicine binding site" of tubulin.  Unlike colchicine, there should not be drug-drug interactions, as VERU-111 does not interact with P-gp or CYP3A4. This may potentially eliminate the possibility of serious and life-threatening side effects when given with other drugs that are P-gp or CYP3A4 inhibitors.  VERU-111/112 could be used as a potentially safer alternative to colchicine, which remains the mainstay of therapy for both prevention and treatment of gout and FMF. 

Development Plan.    The Phase 1 VERU-111 studies that are planned in 2018 in cancer patients will provide the initial pharmacokinetics and safety information that can be used for dosing and safety considerations for filing the IND and conducting the Phase 2 studies for gout expected in 2019  . 

Market.    According to nationally representative data (NHANES), gout is the most common form of inflammatory arthritis in men, with a prevalence of 5.9% in men (6.1 million) and in women the prevalence is 2% (2.2 million).  The estimated U.S. annual market for gout therapies is $725 million per IMS.    FMF affects primarily people of Mediterranean extraction, mostly Sephardic Jews, Armenians, Arabs and Turks.  It is very common in the populations at risk with estimated carrier rates of 1/6 in Armenians, 1/7 in North African Jews and 1/13 in Iraqi Jews.        FMF   affects less than 200,000 patients in the U.S. population and could be eligible for orphan drug status.  

12   

FC2 for dual protection against unintended pregnancy and STIs  . 

Product  .  FC2 is the only currently available female-controlled product approved for market by FDA and cleared by the WHO for purchase by U.N. agencies that provides dual protection against unintended pregnancy and sexually transmitted infections STIs, including HIV/AIDS and the Zika virus. FC2 was approved for market by FDA as a Class III medical device in 2009. 

FC2 has basically the same physical design, specifications, safety, and efficacy profile as FC1, the Company's first generation Female Condom.  Manufactured from a nitrile polymer formulation that is exclusive to the Company, FC2 is produced more economically than FC1, which was made from a more costly raw material, polyurethane.   FC2 consists of a soft, loose fitting sheath and two rings: an external ring of rolled nitrile and a loose internal ring made of flexible polyurethane.  FC2 s soft sheath lines the vagina, preventing skin-to-skin contact during intercourse.  Its external ring remains outside the vagina, partially covering the external genitalia. The internal ring is used for insertion and helps keep the device in place during use. 

FC2 s primary raw material, a nitrile polymer, offers a number of benefits over natural rubber latex, the raw material most commonly used in male condoms.  FC2 s nitrile polymer is stronger than latex, reducing the probability that the female condom sheath will tear during use. Unlike latex, FC2 s nitrile polymer quickly transfers heat.  FC2 can warm to body temperature immediately upon insertion, which may enhance the user s sensation and pleasure. Unlike the male condom, FC2 may be inserted in advance of arousal, eliminating disruption during sexual intimacy. FC2 is also an alternative to latex sensitive users who are unable to use male condoms without irritation. For example, 7 percent to 20 percent of the individuals with significant exposure to latex rubber (i.e., health care workers) experience such irritation. To the Company's knowledge, there is no reported allergy to the nitrile polymer.  FC2 is pre-lubricated, disposable, and recommended for use during a single sex act.  FC2 is not reusable. 

Global Public Health Sector Market  .  FC2 s primary use is for disease prevention and family planning, and the global public health sector has been the main market for FC2. Within the public health sector, various organizations supply critical products such as FC2, at no cost or low cost, to those who need but cannot afford to buy such products for themselves. 

The Company has a relatively small customer base for FC2, with a limited number of customers who generally purchase in large quantities. Over the past few years, significant customers have included large global agencies, such as the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) and the United States Agency for International Development (USAID), Sekunjalo Investments Corporation (PTY) Ltd (Sekunjalo), the Company s distributor in the Republic of South Africa (RSA), and the Brazil Ministry of Health either through UNFPA or Semina Ind stria e Com rcio Ltda (Semina), the Company s distributor in Brazil.  Other customers include ministries of health or other governmental agencies, which either purchase directly or via in-country distributors, and non-governmental organizations (NGOs).   

FC2 has been distributed in 144 countries.  A significant number of countries with the highest demand potential are in the developing world.  The incidence of HIV/AIDS, other STIs, and unwanted pregnancy in these countries represents a remarkable potential for significant sales of a product that benefits some of the world s most underprivileged people.  However, conditions in these countries can be volatile and result in unpredictable delays in program development, tender applications, and processing orders. 

The global public health sector market for male condoms is estimated to be greater than 8-10 billion units annually. The private sector market for male condoms is estimated at 10-15 billion units annually. The combined global male condom market (public and private sector) is estimated at a value of $4.5 billion annually.  The female condom market represents a very small portion of the total global condom market, yet 50 percent of individuals living with HIV/AIDS are women.  As a result a number of independent women s groups are advocating for increased investment in and distribution of female condoms on a gender equality basis. 

The Company has distribution agreements and other arrangements with commercial partners which market as a consumer health product through distributors and retailers in 16 countries, including Brazil, Spain, France, and the United Kingdom. These agreements are generally exclusive for a single country. Under these agreements, the Company sells FC2 to the distributor partners, who market and distribute the product to consumers in the established territory.  

U.S. Market  .       

Recent changes in the U.S. market provided an opportunity for the promotion and expansion of FC2 to protect against STIs and unwanted pregnancies.   FC2 is the only device approved by the FDA (Class III medical device) for this use. As FC2 is nonhormonal, it is a viable alternative for many U.S. women who have reported dissatisfaction with the side effects of hormonal birth control. Moreover, there are unique groups of women such as breast cancer survivors who desire contraception and cannot take hormonal birth control because of this underlying condition.    FC2 is currently reimbursable by prescription under the Affordable Care Act.. In January 2017 we have built the necessary infrastructure to allow for broad access across the US. As a result, FC2 is now available through multiple access channels including: 98% of retail pharmacies, community based organizations, by prescription, telemedicine, universities, direct purchase and 340B qualified health care clinics, and directly to the public sector without distributors. Marketing and educational programs, both traditional and by digital and social media, are being developed and implemented to target health care  

13   

providers (physicians, nurse practitioners, and physician assistants), pharmacies, and women to coordinate awareness and access to FC2 that is fully reimbursable. 

PREBOOST      (4% benzocaine medicated individual wipes) for the prevention of premature ejaculation.    

Scientific Overview  .    Premature ejaculation is the most common sexual dysfunction and even more frequent than erectile dysfunction based on epidemiological studies.  Premature ejaculation is a self-reported diagnosis.  Men with premature ejaculation desire treatment; however, most are reluctant and unlikely to request treatment out of embarrassment.  Discrepancies also exist between the man and his partner's reports of the man's ejaculatory behavior as women have been found to report premature ejaculation affecting their relationship more often than their male partner.  

There are no FDA-approved prescription products for premature ejaculation (PE).    PREBOOST      is a proprietary OTC male genital desensitizer used for the treatment of PE.  There are no prescription products for PE approved by the FDA.  Off-label use of antidepressants and PDE-5 inhibitors has had limited success because of inconsistent efficacy and unacceptable side effects.  Psychological counseling and behavioral therapy are also used with mixed results.  Of the consumer health products, the topical anesthetics are administered as sprays and gels.  The drawbacks of these approaches include inconsistent dosing leading to too much anesthetic and transference of the anesthetics to the partner.  PREBOOST      is compliant with the FDA monograph and is approved in the United States.  PREBOOST      is the only individually packaged medicated wipe that contains a desensitizing agent (benzocaine 4.0%).  The advantages are:  1) Convenient individually wrapped wipes so it is easier to carry and to be discreet, 2) The correct dose is delivered each time, 3) The medicine is applied topically and dries quickly which prevents the potential for transference to partner, and 4) Benzocaine at 4.0% temporarily desensitizes, but does not completely numb the penis.    

Development Plan.    PREBOOST      is approved in the United States.  The Company has completed   a Phase 4 clinical study of   PREBOOST     .  The PREBOOST      Clinical Study enrolled 26 men aged 18 years or order in a heterosexual, monogamous relationship, with PE, defined as reported poor control over ejaculation, personal distress related to ejaculation and average   intravaginal ejaculatory latency time (IELT)   of two minutes or less on stopwatch measurement.  Subjects were randomized 2-to-1 to treatment with benzocaine wipes or placebo wipes, with men in the placebo group crossed over to the treatment group one month after randomization.  The primary outcome measure for the study was change in IELT at two months, with secondary outcomes including change in questionnaire assessments of global rating of distress, medication assessment and IPE.  Data showed that patients treated with benzocaine 4% wipes demonstrated a statistically significant improvement in IELT after the first month of treatment (2.75 minutes), with greater improvement after the second month (5.5 minutes), compared to placebo (1.8 minutes).  Men in the treatment group also reported greater improvement in distress relating to intercourse, control of ejaculation and satisfaction with sexual intercourse over the study period.  After treatment with PREBOOST     , 82 percent of men were no longer considered to have premature ejaculation.  Results showed that treatment was well tolerated.   

Therefore, the results of the study showed that   PREBOOST       prolonged time to ejaculation, supporting the clinical validity of PREBOOST      for the prevention of premature ejaculation.  The Company launched the product in the United States on January 6, 2017. 

Market.    Premature ejaculation is the most prevalent sexual disorder affecting one in four men and is more common than erectile dysfunction.  The estimated prevalence is 50 million men in United States and 60 million men in Europe.  There are no approved drugs for premature ejaculation and the OTC agents currently available are not optimal or effective.  Total worldwide market for premature ejaculation drugs and consumer health care products is estimated to be greater than $500 million.  The Company has entered into a co-promotion and distribution agreement for   PREBOOST       with Timm Medical Technologies Inc.  The Company also plans to increase sales by having a sampling program targeting urologists, introducing the product through additional internet outlets including Walmart, CVS, Walgreens and other OTC distribution outlets, optimizing its internet ecommerce capabilities and digital marketing via www.preboost.com as well as through out-licensing opportunities for markets outside the United States. 

Government Regulation 

The FDA and comparable regulatory agencies in state and local jurisdictions and in foreign countries impose substantial requirements upon the clinical development, manufacture and marketing of pharmaceutical products and medical devices.  These agencies and other federal, state, and local entities regulate research and development activities and the testing, manufacture, quality control, safety, effectiveness, labeling, storage, recordkeeping, tracking, approval, import, export, advertising, and promotion of our products. 

FDA Regulation of Female Condoms  .  Female condoms as a group were classified by the FDA as a Class III medical device in 1989.  Class III medical devices are deemed by the FDA to carry potential risks with use which must be tested prior to FDA market approval, referred to as Premarket Approval (PMA), for sale in the U.S.  As FC2 is a Class III medical device, prior to selling FC2 in the U.S., the Company was required to submit a PMA application containing technical information on the use of FC2, such as pre-clinical and clinical safety and efficacy studies, which was gathered together in a required format and content.  The FC2 PMA was approved for market by the FDA as a Class III medical device in March 2009.  It is possible that the FDA may consider reclassifying female  

14   

condoms as Class II medical devices, which are not subject to PMA.  If the FDA were to reclassify female condoms as Class II medical devices, it may significantly reduce the barriers for other types of female condoms to enter the U.S. market. 

Pursuant to section 515(a)(3) of the Safe Medical Amendments Act of 1990 (the SMA Act), the FDA may temporarily suspend approval and initiate withdrawal of the PMA if the FDA finds that FC2 is unsafe or ineffective, or on the basis of new information with respect to the device, which, when evaluated together with information available at the time of approval, indicates a lack of reasonable assurance that the device is safe or effective under the conditions of use prescribed, recommended, or suggested in the labeling. Failure to comply with the conditions of FDA market approval invalidates the approval order. Commercial distribution of a device that is not in compliance with these conditions is a violation of the SMA Act.  As an FDA market approved medical device, the facilities in which FC2 is produced and tested are subject to periodic FDA inspection to ensure compliance with current Good Manufacturing Processes.  The Company s most recent FDA inspection of its U.K. and Malaysian facilities was completed in September 2010.  The Chicago office was inspected by the FDA in October 2016 for activities related to being a registered agent. 

The FDA s market approval order for FC2 includes conditions that relate to product labeling, including information on the package itself and instructions for use called a  package insert  which accompanies each product.  The Company believes it is in compliance with the FDA market approval order. 

FDA Regulation of Pharmaceutical Products.    The process required by the FDA before pharmaceutical product candidates may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 

nonclinical laboratory and animal tests, including some that must be conducted in accordance with Good Laboratory   Practices  ;     

submission   of an IND, which must become effective before clinical trials may begin;     

adequate   and well   controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed drug candidate for its intended use;     

pre-approval inspection of manufacturing facilities and selected clinical investigators for their compliance with Good   Manufacturing   Practices (cGMP) and Good Clinical Practices (cGCP); and     

FDA   approval   of an NDA to permit commercial marketing for particular indications for use.     

The testing and approval process requires substantial time, effort, and financial resources.  Prior to commencing the first clinical trial with a drug candidate, we must submit an IND to the FDA.  The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA, within the 30   day time period, raises safety concerns or questions about the conduct of the clinical trial by imposing a clinical hold.  In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin.  Submission of an IND may not result in FDA authorization to commence a clinical trial.  A separate submission to the existing IND must be made for each successive clinical trial conducted during product development.  Further, an independent institutional review board (IRB) for each medical center proposing to conduct the clinical trial must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial and its informed consent form before the clinical trial commences at that center.  Regulatory authorities or an IRB or the sponsor may suspend a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk.  Some studies also include a data safety monitoring board (DSMB), which receives special access to unblinded data during the clinical trial and may halt the clinical trial if it determines that there is an unacceptable safety risk for subjects or other grounds, such as no demonstration of efficacy. 

In general, for purposes of NDA approval, human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap. 

Phase 1 Studies are initially conducted to test the drug candidate for safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution,   and   excretion in healthy volunteers or patients.     

Phase 2 Studies are conducted with groups of patients with a specified disease or condition to provide enough data to evaluate the   preliminary   efficacy, optimal dosages and dosing schedule, and expanded evidence of safety.  Multiple Phase 2 clinical trials may be conducted to obtain information prior to beginning larger and more expensive Phase 3 clinical trials.     

Phase 3 These clinical trials are undertaken in larger patient populations to further evaluate dosage, to provide statistically significant   evidence   of clinical efficacy, and to further test for safety in an expanded patient population at multiple clinical trial sites.   These clinical trials are intended to establish the overall risk/benefit ratio of the product and provide an adequate basis for product labeling.  These trials may be done globally to support global registrations.     

15   

The FDA may require, or companies may pursue, additional clinical trials after a product is approved.  These so   called Phase 4 studies may be made a condition to be satisfied after approval.  The results of Phase 4 studies can confirm the effectiveness of a drug candidate and can provide important safety information.  

Concurrent with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional animal studies and must also develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the drug candidate, as well as finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements.  The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the drug candidate and, among other things, must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the final product.  Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the drug candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life.  

505(b)(2) Approval Process.        Section 505(b)(2) of the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (FDCA), which was enacted as part of the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, otherwise known as the Hatch-Waxman Act, provides an expedited regulatory pathway to FDA approval for new or improved formulations or new uses of previously approved drug products.  Specifically, Section 505(b)(2) permits the filing of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from studies not conducted by or for the applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference.  The applicant may rely upon the FDA's findings of safety and effectiveness for an approved product that acts as the Reference Listed Drug (RLD).  The FDA may also require 505(b)(2) applicants to perform additional studies or measurements to support the change from the RLD.  The FDA may then approve the new drug candidate for all or some of the labeled indications for which the referenced product has been approved, as well as for any new indication sought by the Section 505(b)(2) applicant.  

We expect our Tamsulosin DRS, Tamsulosin XR capsules, Solifenacin DRG, Tadalafil/Finasteride combination capsules, VERU-722 and VERU-944 drug candidates to qualify for the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway because they are or will be based on already approved active pharmaceutical ingredients rather than new chemical entities, and formulations that has been through Phase 1 studies.  On August 12, 2016, FDA cleared Tamsulosin DRS for the expedited 505(b)(2) regulatory approval pathway and agreed with our plans to conduct a single bioequivalence study to support the filing of an NDA.  On December 6, 2016, based on positive regulatory recommendations by the BRUD FDA Advisory Committee, we are considering plans to file an investigational new drug application (IND) and possibly initiate a Phase 2 clinical study. On May 24,2017, the FDA agreed with plans to enter   the Phase 2 dose finding clinical trial to evaluate VERU-944 for the treatment of hot flashes in men on androgen deprivation therapy. In November 2017, FDA agreed in PreIND meetings that Solifenacin DRG and Tadalafil/Finasteride combination capsules qualify for 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway  . 

Orange Book Listing.    In seeking approval for a drug through an NDA, including a 505(b)(2) NDA, applicants are required to list with the FDA certain patents whose claims cover the applicant s product.  Upon approval of an NDA, each of the patents listed in the application for the drug is then published in   Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations  , commonly referred to as the Orange Book.  Any applicant who files a 505(b)(2) NDA referencing a drug listed in the Orange Book must certify to the FDA that (i) the required patent information has not been filed; (ii) the listed patent has expired; (iii) the listed patent has not expired, but will expire on a particular date and approval is not sought until after patent expiration; or (iv) the listed patent is invalid, unenforceable or will not be infringed by the proposed new product.  This last certification is known as a Paragraph IV certification.  If the competitor has provided a Paragraph IV certification to the FDA, the competitor must also send notice of the Paragraph IV certification to the holder of the NDA for the RLD and the patent owner once the application has been accepted for filing by the FDA.  The NDA holder or patent owner may then initiate a patent infringement lawsuit in response to the notice of the Paragraph IV certification.  The filing of a patent infringement lawsuit within 45 days of the receipt of a Paragraph IV certification prevents the FDA from approving the application until the earlier of 30 months from the date of the lawsuit, expiration of the patent, settlement of the lawsuit, or a decision in the infringement case that is favorable to the applicant.  The applicant may also elect to submit a  Section VIII  statement certifying that its proposed label does not contain, or carves out, any language regarding the patented method   of   use rather than certify to a listed method   of   use patent.  

NDA Submission and Review by the FDA.    The results of product development, nonclinical studies, and clinical trials are submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA.  The submission of an NDA requires payment of a substantial user fee to the FDA.  The FDA may convene an advisory committee to provide clinical insight on application review questions.  The FDA reviews applications to determine, among other things, whether a product is safe and effective for its intended use and whether the manufacturing controls are adequate to assure and preserve the product s identity, strength, quality, and purity.  Before approving an NDA, the FDA will inspect the facility or facilities where the product is manufactured.  The FDA will not approve an application unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications.  Once the NDA submission has been accepted for filing, which occurs, if at all, within 60 days after submission of the NDA, the FDA s goal for a non   priority review of a 505(b)(2) NDA is ten months to complete the review process for the application and respond to the applicant, which can take the form of either a Complete Response Letter or Approval.  The review process is often significantly extended by FDA requests for additional information, studies, or clarification.  The FDA may delay or refuse approval of an NDA if applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied, require additional testing or information, and/or require post   marketing testing and surveillance to monitor safety or efficacy of a product.  FDA approval of any NDA submitted by us  

16   

will be at a time the FDA chooses.  Also, if regulatory approval of a product is granted, such approval may entail limitations on the indicated uses for which such product may be marketed.  Once approved, the FDA may withdraw the product approval if compliance with pre- and post-marketing regulatory standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the marketplace.  In addition, the FDA may require Phase 4 post   marketing studies to monitor the effect of approved products, and may limit further marketing of the product based on the results of these post   marketing studies.  

Post   Approval Requirements.    Any products manufactured or distributed by us pursuant to FDA approvals will be subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including recordkeeping requirements and reporting of adverse experiences.   Drug and biologic manufacturers and their subcontractors are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies, and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP, which impose certain procedural and documentation requirements upon us and our third   party manufacturers.  We cannot be certain that we or our present or future suppliers will be able to comply with the cGMP regulations and other FDA regulatory requirements.  If our present or future suppliers are not able to comply with these requirements, the FDA may halt our clinical trials, require us to recall a product from distribution, or withdraw approval of the NDA. 

The FDA closely regulates the marketing and promotion of drugs.  A company can make only those claims relating to safety and efficacy, purity, and potency that are approved by the FDA.  Failure to comply with these requirements can result in adverse publicity, warning letters, corrective advertising, and potential civil and criminal penalties.  Physicians may prescribe legally available products for uses that are not described in the product s labeling and that differ from those tested by us and approved by the FDA.  Such off   label uses are common across medical specialties.  Physicians may believe that such off   label uses are the best treatment for many patients in varied circumstances.  The FDA does not regulate the behavior of physicians in their choice of treatments.  The FDA does, however, restrict manufacturer s communications on the subject of off   label use.  

The recently enacted Drug Supply Chain Security Act imposes new obligations on manufacturers of pharmaceutical products related to product tracking and tracing.  Among the requirements of this new legislation, manufacturers will be required to provide certain information regarding the drug products to individuals and entities to which product ownership is transferred, label drug product with a product identifier, and keep certain records regarding the drug product.  The transfer of information to subsequent product owners by manufacturers will eventually be required to be done electronically.  Manufacturers will also be required to verify that purchasers of the manufacturers  products are appropriately licensed.  Further, under this new legislation, manufacturers will have drug product investigation, quarantine, disposition, and notification responsibilities related to counterfeit, diverted, stolen, and intentionally adulterated products, as well as products that are the subject of fraudulent transactions or which are otherwise unfit for distribution such that they would be reasonably likely to result in serious health consequences or death.  

Other Healthcare Regulations.    Our business activities, including but not limited to, research, sales, promotion, distribution, medical education, and other activities will be subject to regulation by numerous regulatory and law enforcement authorities in the United States in addition to the FDA, including potentially the Department of Justice, the Department of Health and Human Services and its various divisions, including the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, and state and local governments.  Our business activities must comply with numerous healthcare laws, including but not limited to, the federal Anti   Kickback Statute, the False Claims Act, the Veterans Health Care Act, and similar state laws.  

The federal Anti   Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting, or receiving any remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering, or arranging for the purchase, lease, or order of any item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid, or other federal healthcare programs.  The term remuneration has been interpreted broadly to include anything of value.  There are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution.  The exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly and practices that involve remuneration that may be alleged to be intended to induce prescribing, purchasing, or recommending may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor.  Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does not make the conduct per se illegal under the Anti   Kickback Statute.  Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case   by   case basis based on a cumulative review of all of its facts and circumstances.  

The federal False Claims Act prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to, or approval by, the federal government or knowingly making, using, or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government.  

We and our business activities are subject to the civil monetary penalties statute, which imposes penalties against any person or entity who, among other things, is determined to have presented or caused to be presented a claim to a federal health program that the person knows or should know is for an item or service that was not provided as claimed or is false or fraudulent.  

Additionally, the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act within the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA), and its implementing regulations, require certain manufacturers of drugs and medical devices for which payment is available under Medicare,  

17   

Medicaid, or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report information related to certain payments or other transfers of value made or distributed to physicians and teaching hospitals, or to entities or individuals at the request of, or designated on behalf of, the physicians and teaching hospitals and to report annually certain ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members.  

In addition, we may be subject to data privacy and security regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business.  The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (HITECH), and its implementing regulations, imposes certain requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information.  Among other things, HITECH makes HIPAA s privacy and security standards directly applicable to business associates independent contractors or agents of covered entities that receive or obtain protected health information in connection with providing a service on behalf of a covered entity.  HITECH also created four new tiers of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA to make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable business associates and possibly other persons, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorneys  fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions.  In addition, state laws govern the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts.  

The Veterans Health Care Act of 1992 requires manufacturers of  covered drugs  to offer those drugs for sale to certain federal agencies, including but not limited to, the Department of Veterans Affairs, on the Federal Supply Schedule, which requires compliance with applicable federal procurement laws.  

Depending on the circumstances, failure to comply with these laws can result in penalties, including criminal, civil, and/or administrative criminal penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, exclusion of products from reimbursement under government programs,  qui tam  actions brought by individual whistleblowers in the name of the government, refusal to allow us to enter into supply contracts, including government contracts, reputational harm, diminished profits, and future earnings, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business.  

The United States and some foreign jurisdictions are considering or have enacted a number of legislative and regulatory proposals designed to change the healthcare system in ways that could affect our ability to sell our products profitably.  Among policy makers and payers in the United States and elsewhere, there is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality and/or expanding access.  In the United States, the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives.  

The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.    The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) prohibits any U.S. individual or business from paying, offering, or authorizing payment or offering of anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any foreign official, political party, or candidate for the purpose of influencing any act or decision of the foreign entity in order to assist the individual or business in obtaining or retaining business.  The FCPA also obligates companies whose securities are listed in the United States to comply with accounting provisions requiring the company to maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect all transactions of the corporation, including international subsidiaries, and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls for international operations.  

Foreign and Other Regulation.    In addition to regulations in the United States, we will be subject to a variety of foreign regulations governing clinical trials and commercial sales and distribution of our products to the extent we choose to develop or sell any products outside of the United States.  The approval process varies from country to country and the time may be longer or shorter than that required to obtain FDA approval.  The requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing, and reimbursement vary greatly from country to country.   

FC2 received the CE Mark which allows it to be marketed throughout the European Union.  FC2 has also been approved by regulatory authorities in Brazil, India, Canada, and other jurisdictions.   

The Company s facility may also be subject to inspection by UNFPA, USAID, International Organization for Standardization (ISO), and country specific ministries of health.  

Intellectual Property  

We will be able to protect our technology from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent it is covered by valid and enforceable patents or is effectively maintained as trade secrets. Patents and other proprietary rights are an essential element of our business. 

As of December 1, 2017, we owned or held exclusive rights to 9 issued U.S. patents, 6 pending U.S. patent applications and additional patents and patent applications in other jurisdictions outside the United States.  These include an international patent application  

18   

relating to our Tamsulosin DRS product that is subject to deferred payment obligations and patents and patent applications relating to our VERU-111 and VERU-112 drug candidates that we license from a third party.  Additional information regarding our patent portfolio is provided below. 

PREBOOST    Patent Application  .     PREBOOST , medicated individual wipes which is a male genital desensitizing drug product that helps in the prevention of premature ejaculation, is covered by a pending U.S. patent application. 

VERU-722 Patent.    VERU-722, an oral agent we are developing for the treatment of male infertility, is covered by an issued U.S. patent that expires in May 2021.  We also own additional patents outside of the United States and patent applications covering VERU-722 some of which, if granted, could provide meaningful protection until February 2037. 

Tamsulosin DRS, Tamsulosin XR capsules, and Solifenacin DRG Patent Application.    We own two patent applications with respect to Tamsulosin DRS, Tamsulosin XR capsules, and Solifenacin DRG: (1) an international patent application (would expire on May 2037) and (2) an European original application (would expire on October 2037).  Veru acquired those patent rights pursuant to a purchase agreement that provides for significant continuing installment and milestone payment obligations.  In addition, Veru granted a security interest in the purchased assets to the seller to secure Veru's present and future payment and performance obligations under the purchase agreement.  Accordingly, there will be significant payments that Veru will be required to make in the future to the seller of the Tamsulosin DRS, Tamsulosin XR capsulse, and Solifenacin DRG assets and the failure to make such payments may result in Veru losing its rights to such intellectual property.  If Veru fails to retain such rights, we would not be able to commercialize any products relating to Tamsulosin DRS, Tamsulosin XR capsules, and Solifenacin DRG 

VERU-944 Patent Application.    We have one issued U.S. patent application related to substantially pure cis-clomiphene for the treatment of osteoporosis, bone fractures, loss of bone mineral density and hot flashes, especially in men on prostate cancer hormone therapies. Patent expires in July 2035. 

VERU-111/VERU-112 License.    We hold an exclusive license to 3 issued U.S. patents, 2 pending U.S. patent applications and 50 patents and patent applications in countries outside the United States  relating to our VERU-111 and VERU-112 drug candidates.  This license contains provisions requiring upfront, milestone and royalty payments to the licensor (Ohio State University).   If we fail to comply with these obligations or other obligations to the licensor, the licensor might have the right to terminate the license, in which event we would not be able to commercialize these drug candidates. Patent expires for VERU-111 in July 2029 and with a maximum 5-year patent extention is expected because of clinical development and FDA review time, in which case the patent could expire June 2034. 

FC2 Patents.    FC2 patents have been issued by the United States, Europe, Canada, Australia, South Africa, the People s Republic of China, Japan, Mexico, Brazil, India and the African Regional Intellectual Property Organization (ARIPO), which includes Botswana, Gambia, Ghana, Kenya, Lesotho, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, Sierra Leone, Sudan, Swaziland, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.  Further, the European patent for FC2 has been validated in the following countries: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Switzerland, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Germany, Denmark, Estonia, Spain, Finland, France, United Kingdom, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Monaco, Netherlands, Portugal, Romania, Sweden, Slovenia, Slovakia, and Turkey.  The patents cover the key aspects of FC2, including its overall design and manufacturing process.  The patents have expiration dates in 2023 and 2024.   

Trademarks.    The Company has a registration for the trademarks  FC2 Female Condom  and "PREBOOST" in the United States and has filed applications in the U.S. for the trademarks  Veru Inc.,  "Veru Healthcare," "Veru Biopharma," "Veru Pharmaceuticals" and "Veru Pharma."  The Company has filed applications or secured registrations in 40 countries or jurisdictions around the world to protect the various names and symbols used in marketing its Female Condoms.    

We cannot be certain that any of our pending patent applications, or those of our licensors, will result in issued patents. In addition, because the patent positions of biopharmaceutical companies are highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions, the patents we own and license, or any further patents we may own or license, may not prevent other companies from developing similar or therapeutically equivalent products.  Patents also will not protect our product candidates if competitors devise ways of making or using these product candidates without legally infringing our patents.  In recent years, several companies have been extremely aggressive in challenging patents covering pharmaceutical products, and the challenges have often been successful. We cannot be assured that our patents will not be challenged by third parties or that we will be successful in any defense we undertake. Failure to successfully defend a patent challenge could materially and adversely affect our business.  

In addition, changes in patent laws, rules or regulations or in their interpretations in the United States and other countries by the courts may materially diminish the value of our intellectual property or narrow the scope of our patent protection, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

19   

We also rely on trade secrets, technical know-how and continuing innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect our proprietary information by requiring our employees, consultants, contractors, outside scientific collaborators and other advisors to execute non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements and our employees to execute assignment of invention agreements to us on commencement of their employment. Agreements with our employees also prevent them from bringing any proprietary rights of third parties to us. We also require confidentiality or material transfer agreements from third parties that receive our confidential data or materials. 

Significant Customers 

Because FC2 provides dual protection against both STIs, including HIV/AIDS, and unintended pregnancy, it is an integral part of both HIV/AIDS prevention and fam  ily planning programs throughout the world.  These programs are typically supplied by global public health sector buyers who purchase products for distribution, at low cost or no cost, to those who need but cannot afford to buy such products themselves.  Within the global public health sector are large global agencies  ,   such as UNFPA, USAID, DFID (  the   U.K. s Department for International Development),   and   PSI (Population Services International)  ,   other social marketing groups, various government health agencies  ,   and NGOs.  The Company s most significant customers are either global public health sector agencies, country specific ministries of health  ,   or those who facilitate their purchases and/or distribution.  

The Company's largest customers in fiscal   2017   were   USAID and   UNFPA.  USAID accounted for   44 percent of unit sales in fiscal 2017, 24   percent of unit sales in fiscal 201  6  ,   and    1  6   percent of unit sales in fiscal   2015  .  UNFPA accounted for   2  5 percent of unit sales in fiscal 2017, 25   percent of unit sales in fiscal   2016  ,    and 18   percent of unit sales in fiscal   2015  .    The Brazil Ministry of Health (through   Semina  )   accounted for   27 percent of unit sales in fiscal 2016 and   47 percent of unit sales in fiscal 2015.    No other single customer accounted for more than 10 percent of unit sales in fiscal 2017, 2016, or 2015.  The Company considers its most significant customers to be UNFPA, USAID, Sekunjalo, and the Brazil Ministry of Health (either through UNFPA or Semina). 

Employees  

As of   December   23  , 2017  , the   Company had   175   full-time employees, including   27   located in the U.S.,   11   in the U.K.,   134   in Malaysia, and   3   in other countries to implement training and programs  . None of the Company s employees are represented by a labor union. The Company believes that its employee relations are good.  In Malaysia, a significant proportion of direct labor is supplied by a contracted work force  .       

Environmental Regulation 

The Company believes there are no material issues or material costs associated with the Company's compliance with environmental laws related to the manufacture and distribution of FC2.  The Company has not incurred environmental expenses in fiscal   2017, 2016, or 2015  , nor does it anticipate environmental expenses in the foreseeable future. 

Raw Materials 

The principal raw material used to produce FC2 is a nitrile polymer. While general nitrile formulations are available from a number of suppliers, the Company has chosen to work closely with the technical market leader in synthetic polymers to develop a grade ideally suited to the bio-compatibility and functional needs of a female condom.  As a result, the Company relies on supply for its principal raw material   for FC2   from one supplier that could produce the raw material from multiple supply points within its organization. 

Manufacturing 

The Company leases production space in Selangor D.E., Malaysia for the production of FC2, which currently has manufacturing capacity   of approximately 100   million   units annually.  In fiscal 2014 the Company added additional space, resulting in a total of 45,800 sq. ft. in the Company s Malaysia facility, comprised of production and warehouse space and which provides sufficient space to add manufacturing capacity of up to an additional 100   million   units annually.  The Company will consider manufacturing in other locations as the demand for FC2 develops. 

The Company expects to rely on third-party contract manufacturers and other third parties to produce, package and store sufficient quantities of any future drug candidates.  The Company has entered into an agreement with a third-party contract manufacturer to produce its   PREBOOST        medicated individual wipes for managing premature ejaculation  . 

20   

Competition  

FC2 participates in the same market as male condoms; however, it is not seen as directly competing with male condoms. Rather, studies show that providing FC2 is additive in terms of prevention and choice. Male condoms cost less and have brand names that are more widely recognized than FC2. In addition, male condoms are generally manufactured and marketed by companies with significantly greater financial resources than the Company.  

Other parties have developed and marketed female condoms.  None of these female condoms marketed or under development by other parties have secured FDA market approval. FDA market approval is required to sell female condoms in the U.S.  USAID, a U.S. government funded agency, is required to procure from the FDA product approval for market; however there can be exceptions.  Outside of the U.S., the Company has experienced increasing competition and pricing pressures for FC2.  In addition to FC2, three female condoms have successfully completed the WHO prequalification process and been cleared by UNFPA for purchase by U.N. agencies: the Cupid female condom (which was prequalified by WHO in July 2012 and cleared by UNFPA thereafter), the Velvet female condom marketed by Hindustan Latex Limited (which was prequalified by WHO and cleared by UNFPA in March 2016) and the female condom marketed by PATH (which was prequalified by WHO and cleared by UNFPA in March 2016).  The female condom marketed by Hindustan Latex Limited, which is the Company s former exclusive distributor in India, is substantially similar in design to FC2, except it is made of latex.  FC2 has also been competing with other female condoms in markets that do not require either FDA market approval or WHO prequalification.  Reflecting increased competition, Cupid received part of the last two South African tenders.  Increasing competition in FC2 s markets has, and will likely continue to, put pressure on pricing for FC2 and may also adversely affect sales of FC2.  Some customers, particularly in the global public health sector, prioritize price over other features where FC2 may have an advantage.  It is also possible that other female condoms may receive FDA market approval or complete the WHO prequalification process, which would increase competition from other female condoms in FC2 s markets. 

The pharmaceutical industry is highly competitive, and is characterized by extensive research efforts and rapid technological progress.  The success of our pharmaceutical products will depend on our ability to acquire, develop and commercialize products and our ability to establish and maintain markets for any products for which we receive marketing approval. Potential competitors in North America, Europe and elsewhere include major pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology firms, universities and other research institutions and government agencies.  Many of the competitors with respect to our pharmaceutical products under development have substantially greater research and development and regulatory capabilities and experience, and substantially greater management, manufacturing, distribution, marketing and financial resources, than we will. 

All drugs currently used to treat BPH symptoms are tablets or capsules.  These drugs include those that decrease size of the prostate, like 5 alpha reductase inhibitors which include PROSCAR      (finasteride) from Merck   Co., Inc. and AVODART      (dutasteride) from GlaxoSmithKline.  The other major class of drugs treat BPH by relaxing the smooth muscles of the prostate and bladder neck and include alpha blockers like FLOMAX      (tamsulosin HCI) from   Boehringer Ingelheim Pharmaceuticals  , HYTRIN      (terazocin), UROXATRAL      (alfuzosin), CARDURA      (doxazosin), and RAPAFLO      (silodosin) from Allergan as well as Phosphodiesterase 5 (PDE5) inhibitors like CIALIS       (tadalafil) from Eli Lilly.  One class of drugs combines a drug that shrinks and another that relaxes the prostate called JALYN      (dutasteride/tamsulosin combination) from GlaxoSmithKline. 

There are drugs that have been approved for the treatment of male infertility for the indication of hypogonadotropic hypogonadism.  These drugs are only available by injection which include: GONAL-F      (Follitropin Alfa) which is recombinant DNA human follicle stimulating hormone by EMD Serono, Inc., NOVAREL      (chorionic gonadotropin for injection USP) which is human chorionic gonadotropin by Ferring, Inc. and PREGNYL      (chorionic gonadotropin for injection USP) which is human chorionic gonadotropin by Merck   Co., Inc.  There are no FDA-approved oral therapies for male infertility.  CLOMID      (clomiphene citrate) 50mg tablets are being used off-label using various doses and dosing schedules for idiopathic infertile men.  CLOMID      and generics are FDA-approved as 50 mg dose for the treatment of ovulatory dysfunction in women desiring pregnancy.  CLOMID      and generics of CLOMID      contain a mixture of two geometric isomers cis-clomiphene (zuclomiphene) and trans-clomiphene (enclomiphene), and contain between 30-50% of the cis-clomiphene isomer. 

Although there are no FDA-approved drugs for the treatment of hot flashes in men who have advanced prostate cancer as a side effect of prostate cancer hormone therapies, there are several drugs being used off-label including estrogens and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor antidepressants including EFFEXOR      (venlafaxine) and anticonvulsants like NEURONTIN      (gabapentin) which could be competitive with our VERU-944 drug candidate for the treatment of hot flashes in men who have advanced prostate cancer as a side effect of prostate cancer hormone therapies. 

21   

VERU-111 is a first-in-class oral therapy that targets both alpha and beta tubulin and will be initially developed for prostate, breast and ovarian cancers.  All currently available tubulin targeting agents are chemotherapies that are given IV include: Vinca Alkaloids such as VELBAN      (vinblastine), ONCOVIN      (vincristine) and NAVELBINE      (vinorelbine).  These chemotherapies are primarily used for hematologic malignancies (leukemia, lymphoma, myeloma, sarcoma), and some neuroblastoma, thyroid cancer and nonsmall cell cancer of the lung.  Taxanes such as TAXOL      (paclitaxel), TAXOTERE      (docetaxel) and JEVTANA      (cabazitaxel) are primarily used for solid tumors such as breast, ovarian, endometrial, cervical, lung, head and neck, esophageal, bladder, gastric and prostate.  TAXOTERE      (docetaxel) and JEVTANA      (cabazitaxel) are indicated for advanced metastatic prostate cancer, are given IV and bind to the taxane site of tubulin. 

The main therapeutic products that are competitive with PREBOOST  include lidocaine and other anesthetic creams, gels and sprays.  Off-label use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor antidepressants like PAXIL      (paroxetine) have also been used off-label to prevent premature ejaculation. 

Research and Development 

Conducting research and development is central to our business model.  Since the completion of the APP Acquisition we have invested and expect to continue to invest significant time and capital in our research and development operations. Our research and development expenses were $3.5 million for fiscal 2017 and $0.1 million for fiscal 2016. In fiscal 2018, we expect to increase our expenses relating to research and development due to advancement of multiple drug candidates. 

Backlog  

Unfilled product   orders   totaled $  2,599,059   at   December 6  , 2017 and $2,829,535 at   December   9, 2016.  Unfilled orders materially fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter, and the amount at   December 6  , 2017 includes   orders with requested del  ivery dates later in fiscal 2018  . The Company expects current unfilled orders to be   filled during fiscal 2018  .   

Available Information 

The Company maintains a corporate website for investors at www.  veruhealthcare.com/investor   and it makes available, free of charge, through this website its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports that the Company files with or furnishes to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), as soon as reasonably practicable after it electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC.  Information on the Company's website is not part of this report.  

Item 1A. Risk Factors   

Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk.  You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all of the other information included in this Annual Report and our other SEC filings, in considering our business and prospects.    The risks described below are not the only risks we face.  Additional risks that we do not yet know of or that we currently think are immaterial may also impair our business operations.  If any of the events or circumstances described in the following risks occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could be materially adversely affected.  In such cases, the trading price of our common stock could decline. 

Risks Related to the Regulation and Commercialization of Our Products and Drug Candidates 

We have no experience in obtaining regulatory approval for a drug. 

Although our President and Chief Executive Officer has experience in obtaining regulatory approval for a drug under development, the Company has never obtained regulatory approval for, or commercialized, a drug.  It is possible that the FDA may refuse to accept any or all of our planned NDAs for substantive review or may conclude, after review of our data, that our applications are insufficient to obtain regulatory approval of any of our drug candidates.  The FDA may also require that we conduct additional clinical or manufacturing validation studies, which may be costly and time-consuming, and submit that data before it will reconsider our applications.  Depending on the extent of these or any other FDA required studies, approval of any NDA that we submit may be significantly delayed, possibly for years, or may require us to expend more resources than we have available or can secure.  Any delay or inability in obtaining regulatory approvals would delay or prevent us from commercializing our drug candidates, generating revenue from these proposed products and achieving and sustaining profitability.  It is also possible that additional studies, if performed and completed, may not be considered sufficient by the FDA to approve any NDA we submit.  If any of these outcomes occur, we may be forced to abandon our planned NDAs for one or more of our drug candidates, which would materially adversely affect our business. 

22   

Clinical trials involve a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome and results of earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results.  Clinical trials are expensive, can take many years to complete and have highly uncertain outcomes.  Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process as a result of inadequate performance of a drug, inadequate adherence by patients or investigators to clinical trial protocols or other factors.  New drugs in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy traits despite having progressed through earlier clinical trials.  A number of companies in the biopharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials as a result of a lack of efficacy or adverse safety profiles, despite promising results in earlier trials.  Our future clinical trials may not be successful or may be more expensive or time-consuming than we currently expect.  If clinical trials for any of our drug candidates fail to demonstrate safety or efficacy to the satisfaction of the FDA, the FDA will not approve that drug and we would not be able to commercialize it, which will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We may experience delays or other issues in the new bioequivalence clinical study for our Tamsulosin DRS drug candidate. 

In November 2017, we received the results of Stage 2 of the bioequivalence clinical study for our Tamsulosin DRS drug candidate.  During the Stage 2 bioequivalence clinical study, dosing with Tamsulosin DRS fasted and Tamsulosin DRS fed were successfully shown to be bioequivalent with FLOMAX fed based on AUC, which is the key determinant of drug exposure over time.  Tamsulosin DRS formulation did not meet the remaining bioequivalence criterion for peak value (Cmax). As a result, we intend to initiate a new bioequivalence study after adjusting the formulation to address Cmax and expect this study to be completed in the first quarter of 2018.  There is no guarantee that we will be able to successfully adjust the formulation of Tamsulosin DRS to satisfy the bioequivalence criterion for Cmax.  If Tamsulosin DRS does not satisfy the bioequivalence criterion for Cmax in this new bioequivalence clinical study, we would need to make further adjustments to the formulation and then conduct an additional bioequivalence clinical study, which would increase our costs and could cause delays in the NDA submission for Tamsulosin DRS or otherwise jeopardize our ability to commercialize Tamsulosin DRS.   

We could experience delays in our planned clinical trials. 

We may experience delays in clinical trials that will be required to be conducted for our drug candidates.  Our planned clinical trials might not begin on time; may be interrupted, delayed, suspended, or terminated once commenced; might need to be redesigned; might not enroll a sufficient number of patients; or might not be completed on schedule, if at all.  Clinical trials can be delayed for a variety of reasons, including the following: 

delays in obtaining regulatory approval to commence a trial;     

imposition of a clinical hold following an inspection of our clinical trial operations or trial sites by the FDA or other regulatory authorities;     

imposition of a clinical hold because of safety or efficacy concerns by the FDA, a DSMB, a clinical trial site's IRB or us;     

delays in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective contract research organizations (CROs) and clinical trial sites;     

delays in obtaining required IRB approval at each site;     

delays in identifying, recruiting and training suitable clinical investigators;     

delays in recruiting suitable patients to participate in a trial;     

delays in having patients complete participation in a trial or return for post-treatment follow-up;     

clinical sites dropping out of a trial to the detriment of enrollment;     

time required to add new sites;     

delays in obtaining sufficient supplies of clinical trial materials, including suitable active pharmaceutical ingredients; or     

delays resulting from negative or equivocal findings of DSMB for a trial.     

Patient enrollment, a significant factor in the timing of clinical trials, is affected by many factors, including the size and nature of the patient population, the proximity of patients to clinical sites, the eligibility criteria for the trial, the design of the clinical trial, competing clinical trials, and clinicians' and patients' perceptions as to the potential advantages of the drug being studied in relation to other available therapies, including any new drugs that may be approved for the indications we are investigating.  Any of these delays in completing our clinical trials could increase our costs, slow down our product development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenue as to the affected drug candidate. 

Our clinical trials may be suspended or discontinued. 

Before we can obtain regulatory approval for the commercial sale of our VERU  -722, VERU-944, VERU-111 and VERU-112 drug candidates  , we may be required to complete preclinical development with respect to such drug candidates and/or extensive clinical trials in humans to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the drug candidates.  To date, regulatory approval has not been obtained for any of our drug candidates. 

23   

Unfavorable results from preclinical studies or clinical trials could result in delays, modifications or abandonment of ongoing or future clinical trials. Clinical results are frequently susceptible to varying interpretations that may delay, limit or prevent regulatory approvals.  Negative or inconclusive results or adverse medical events during a clinical trial could cause a clinical trial to be delayed, repeated or terminated.  In addition, we may report top-line data from time to time, which is based on a preliminary analysis of key efficacy and safety data. Such top-line data may be subject to change following a more comprehensive review of the data related to the applicable clinical trial.  If we delay or abandon our development efforts related to our VERU-722, VERU-944, VERU-111 or VERU-112 drug candidates, or any other potential future drug candidate fails to demonstrate sufficient safety and efficacy in any clinical trial, we would experience potentially significant delays in, or be required to abandon, development of that drug candidate.  If we delay or abandon our development efforts related to any of the VERU-722, VERU-944, VERU-111 or VERU-112 drug candidates, or any other potential future drug candidate, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially adversely affected. 

Our clinical trials may be suspended or terminated at any time for a number of reasons.  A clinical trial may be suspended or terminated by us, our collaborators, the FDA or other regulatory authorities because of a failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, presentation of unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using the investigational drug, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions, lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial or negative or equivocal findings of the DSMB or the IRB for a clinical trial.  An IRB may also suspend or terminate our clinical trials for failure to protect patient safety or patient rights.  We may voluntarily suspend or terminate our clinical trials if at any time we believe that they present an unacceptable risk to participants.  In addition, regulatory agencies may order the temporary or permanent discontinuation of our clinical trials at any time if they believe the clinical trials are not being conducted in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements or present an unacceptable safety risk to participants.   If we elect or are forced to suspend or terminate any clinical trial of any proposed product that we develop, the commercial prospects of such proposed product will be harmed and our ability to generate product revenue from any of these proposed products will be delayed or eliminated.  Any of these occurrences may materially harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.    

We may be subject to risks relating to collaboration with third parties. 

As part of our business strategy, we may enter into collaboration arrangements with strategic partners to develop and commercialize our drug candidates.  For our collaboration efforts to be successful, we must identify partners whose competencies complement our competencies.  We may be unsuccessful in entering into collaboration agreements with acceptable partners or negotiating favorable terms in these agreements.  Also, we may be unsuccessful in integrating the resources and capabilities of these collaborators with our own.  In addition, we may face a disadvantage in seeking to enter into or negotiating collaborations with potential partners because other potential collaborators may have greater management and financial resources than we do.  Our collaborators may prove difficult to work with or less skilled than originally expected.  If we are unsuccessful in our collaborative efforts, our ability to develop and market drug candidates could be severely limited. 

We intend to rely on CROs to conduct our research and development activities. 

We will not have the resources to independently conduct research and development activities.  Therefore, we intend to rely on CROs to conduct research and development activities for our drug candidates and for the execution of our clinical studies.  Although we will control only certain aspects of our CROs' activities, we will be responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol and legal, regulatory and scientific standards, and our reliance on the CROs does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities.  We cannot be sure that the CROs will conduct the research properly or in a timely manner, or that the results will be reproducible.  We and our CROs are required to comply with the FDA's cGCPs, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA for all of our drug products in clinical development.  The FDA enforces these cGCPs through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators and clinical trial sites.  If we or our CROs fail to comply with applicable cGCPs, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable or invalid and the FDA may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our drug candidates.  In addition, to evaluate the safety and effectiveness compared to placebo of our drug candidates to a statistically significant degree, our clinical trials will require an adequately large number of test subjects.  Any clinical trial that a CRO conducts abroad on our behalf is subject to similar regulation.  Accordingly, if our CROs fail to comply with these regulations or recruit a sufficient number of patients, we may be required to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. 

In addition, we will not employ the personnel of our CROs, and, except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such organizations, we cannot control whether or not they will devote sufficient time and resources to our research and development and our clinical studies.  Our CROs may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including one or more of our competitors, for which they may also be conducting clinical studies or other drug development activities, which could impede their ability to devote appropriate time to our clinical programs.  If our CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be replaced, or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised because of the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory requirements, or for other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended,  

24   

delayed or terminated and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully commercialize our drug candidates that we seeks to develop.  As a result, our financial results and the commercial prospects for our drug candidates that we seek to develop would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenue from such drug candidates could be delayed or ended. 

If any of our relationships with these third parties terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs or do so on commercially reasonable terms.  Switching or entering into new relationships with CROs involves substantial cost and requires extensive management time and focus.  In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new CRO commences work.  As a result, delays occur, which can materially affect our ability to meet our desired clinical development timelines and can increase our costs significantly.  We may encounter challenges or delays in entering into or maintaining these relationships, and any such delays or challenges may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We expect to rely on third party manufacturers for our drug candidates. 

For the foreseeable future, we expect to rely on third-party manufacturers and other third parties to produce, package and store sufficient quantities of any future drug candidates for use in our clinical trials.  These drug candidates are complicated and expensive to manufacture.  If our future third-party manufacturers fail to deliver our drug candidates for clinical use on a timely basis, with sufficient quality, and at commercially reasonable prices, we may be required to delay or suspend clinical trials or otherwise discontinue development and production of our drug candidates.  While we may be able to identify replacement third-party manufacturers or develop our own manufacturing capabilities for these drug candidates, this process would likely cause a delay in the availability of our drug candidates and an increase in costs.  In addition, third-party manufacturers may have a limited number of facilities in which our drug candidates can be produced, and any interruption of the operation of those facilities due to events such as equipment malfunction or failure or damage to the facility by natural disasters could result in the cancellation of shipments, loss of product in the manufacturing process or a shortfall in available drug candidates. 

In addition, regulatory requirements could pose barriers to the manufacture of our drug candidates.  Third-party manufacturers are required to comply with the FDA's cGMPs.  As a result, the facilities used by any of future manufacturers of our drug candidates must be approved by the FDA.  Holders of NDAs, or other forms of FDA approvals or clearances, or those distributing a regulated product under their own name, are responsible for manufacturing even though that manufacturing is conducted by a third-party contract manufacturing organization (CMO).  Our third-party manufacturers will be required to produce our drug candidates under FDA cGMPs in order to meet acceptable standards for our clinical trials.  Our third-party manufacturers may not perform their obligations under their agreements with us or may discontinue their business before the time required by us to gain approval for or commercialize our drug candidates.  In addition, our manufacturers will be subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and corresponding state and foreign agencies for compliance with cGMPs and similar regulatory requirements.  Failure by any of our manufacturers to comply with applicable cGMPs could result in sanctions being imposed on us, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, delays, suspensions or withdrawals of approvals, operating restrictions, interruptions in supply, recalls, withdrawals, issuance of safety alerts and criminal prosecutions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  Finally, we also could experience manufacturing delays if our CMOs give greater priority to the supply of other products over our products or otherwise do not satisfactorily perform according to the terms of their agreements with us.  

If any supplier for our drug candidates experiences any significant difficulties in its manufacturing processes, does not comply with the terms of the agreement between us or does not devote sufficient time, energy and care to providing our manufacturing needs, we could experience significant interruptions in the supply of our drug candidates, which could impair our ability to supply our drug candidates at the levels required for our clinical trials and commercialization and prevent or delay their successful development and commercialization. 

Changes in law, including as a result of the recent presidential and congressional elections, could have a negative impact on the approval of our drug candidates. 

The FDA has established regulations, guidelines and policies to govern the drug development and approval process, as have foreign regulatory authorities.  Any change in regulatory requirements resulting from the adoption of new legislation, regulations or policies may require us to amend existing clinical trial protocols or add new clinical trials to comply with these changes.  Such amendments to existing protocols or clinical trial applications or the need for new ones, may significantly and adversely affect the cost, timing and completion of the clinical trials for our drug candidates.  In addition, the FDA's policies may change and additional government regulations may be issued that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our drug candidates, or impose more stringent product labeling and post-marketing testing and other requirements.  The recent presidential and congressional elections in the U.S. could result in significant changes in, and uncertainty with respect to, legislation, regulation and government policy that could significantly impact our business and the health care industry. While it is not possible to predict whether and when any such changes will occur, specific proposals discussed during and after the election that could have a material impact on us include, but are not limited to, the repeal of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation  

25   

Act of 2010 and enactment of the 21st Century Cures Act.  If we are slow or unable to adapt to any such changes, our business, prospects and ability to achieve or sustain profitability would be adversely affected. 

We may fail to commercialize our drug candidates. 

We cannot be sure that, if our clinical trials for any of our VERU-722, VERU-944, VERU-111 or VERU-112 drug candidates are successfully completed, we will be able to submit an NDA to the FDA or that any NDA we submit will be approved by the FDA in a timely manner, if at all.  We also cannot be sure that, if our bioequivalence study for Tamsulosin DRS is successfully completed, any NDA we submit will be approved by the FDA in a timely manner, if at all.        After completing clinical trials for a drug candidate in humans, a drug dossier is prepared and submitted to the FDA as an NDA, and includes all preclinical studies and clinical trial data relevant to the safety and effectiveness of the product at the suggested dose and duration of use for the proposed indication as well as manufacturing information, in order to allow the FDA to review such drug dossier and to consider a drug candidate for approval for commercialization in the United States.  If we are unable to submit an NDA with respect to any of the VERU-722, VERU- 944, VERU-111, VERU-112 or Tamsulosin DRS, or if any NDA we submit is not approved by the FDA, we will be unable to commercialize that product.  The FDA can and does reject NDAs and require additional clinical trials, even when drug candidates achieve favorable results in Phase 3 clinical trials.  If we fail to commercialize any of the VERU-722, VERU-944, VERU-111 or VERU-112 drug candidates, or Tamsulosin DRS, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially adversely affected and our reputation in the industry and in the investment community would likely be damaged. 

We are subject to extensive and costly governmental regulation. 

Our products, including FC2 and our drug candidates, are subject to extensive and rigorous domestic government regulation, including regulation by the FDA, the Centers for Medicare   Medicaid Services, other divisions of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, including its Office of Inspector General, the U.S. Department of Justice, the Departments of Defense and Veterans Affairs, to the extent our products are paid for directly or indirectly by those departments, state and local governments and their respective foreign equivalents.  The FDA regulates the research, development, preclinical and clinical testing, manufacture, safety, effectiveness, record keeping, reporting, labeling, storage, approval, advertising, promotion, sale, distribution, import and export of pharmaceutical products and medical devices under various regulatory provisions.  Any of our products that are tested or marketed abroad are also be subject to extensive regulation by foreign governments, whether or not we have obtained FDA approval for a given product and its uses.  Such foreign regulation may be equally or more demanding than corresponding U.S. regulation. 

Government regulation substantially increases the cost and risk of researching, developing, manufacturing and selling products.  Our failure to comply with these regulations could result in, by way of example, significant fines, criminal and civil liability, product seizures, recalls or withdrawals, withdrawals of approvals, and exclusion and debarment from government programs.  Any of these actions, including the inability of our products to obtain and maintain regulatory approval, would have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We are subject to additional health care regulation and enforcement by the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business.  The laws that may affect our ability to operate include the following: 

the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering, or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order, or recommendation of, any good or service for which payment may be made under government health care programs such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs;     

the federal False Claims Act that prohibits, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid or other government health care programs that are false or fraudulent;     

federal criminal laws that prohibit executing a scheme to defraud any health care benefit program or making false statements relating to health care matters; and     

state law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws that may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers.     

In addition, there has been a recent trend of increased federal and state regulation of payments made to physicians for marketing.  Some states, such as California, Massachusetts and Vermont, mandate implementation of corporate compliance programs, along with the tracking and reporting of gifts, compensation and other remuneration to physicians. 

The scope and enforcement of these laws is uncertain and subject to change in the current environment of health care reform, especially in light of the lack of applicable precedent and regulations.  We cannot predict the impact on our business of any changes in these laws.  Federal or state regulatory authorities may challenge our current or future activities under these laws.  Any such challenge could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition.  Any state or federal regulatory review of us, regardless of the outcome, would be costly and time-consuming. 

26   

We could experience misconduct by our employees. 

We will be exposed to the risk of employee fraud or other misconduct.  Misconduct by employees could include intentional failures to comply with FDA regulations, to provide accurate information to the FDA, to comply with federal and state health care fraud and abuse laws and regulations, to comply with the FCPA, to report financial information or data accurately or to disclose unauthorized activities to us.  In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the health care industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices.  These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements.  Employee misconduct could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation.  It is not always possible to identify and prevent employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with these laws or regulations.  If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. 

Coverage and reimbursement may not be available for our products. 

Market acceptance and sales for VERU-722, VERU-944, VERU-111, VERU-112 and Tamsulosin DRS, if approved, will depend on coverage and reimbursement policies and may be affected by health care reform measures.  Government authorities and third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which products they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels.  We cannot be sure that coverage and reimbursement will be available for our drug candidates, if approved.  We also cannot be sure that the amount of reimbursement available, if any, will not reduce the demand for, or the price of, our products.  If reimbursement is not available or is available only at limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our drug candidates. 

We may not be able to gain and retain market acceptance for our drug candidates. 

Physicians may not prescribe our drug candidates, if approved by the appropriate regulatory authorities for marketing and sale, which would prevent any such drug candidate from generating revenue.  Market acceptance of our drug candidates, by physicians, patients and payors, will depend on a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including the following: 

the clinical indications for which our drug candidates are approved, if at all;     

acceptance by physicians and payors of each product as safe and effective treatment;     

the cost of treatment in relation to alternative treatments;     

the relative convenience and ease of administration of our products in the treatment of the symptoms for which they are intended;     

the availability and efficacy of competitive drugs;     

the effectiveness of our sales force and marketing efforts;     

the extent to which the product is approved for inclusion on formularies of hospitals and managed care organizations;     

the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement by third parties, such as insurance companies and other health care payors, or by government health care programs, including Medicare and Medicaid;     

limitations or warnings contained in a product's FDA-approved labeling; and     

prevalence and severity of adverse side effects.     

Even if the medical community accepts that our drug candidates are safe and efficacious for their approved indications, physicians may not immediately be receptive to the use or may be slow to adopt such products as an accepted treatment for the symptoms for which they are intended.  We cannot be sure that any labeling approved by the FDA will permit us to promote our products as being superior to competing products.  If our drug candidates, if approved, do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians and payors, we may not generate sufficient or any revenue from these products.  In addition, our efforts to educate the medical community and third-party payors on the benefits of our products may require significant resources and may never be successful. 

In addition, even if our drug candidates achieve market acceptance, we may not be able to maintain that market acceptance over time if: 

new products or technologies are introduced that are more favorably received than our products, are more cost effective or render our products obsolete;     

unforeseen complications arise with respect to use of our products; or     

sufficient third-party insurance coverage or reimbursement does not remain available.     

27   

Our drug products may be subject to governmental pricing controls. 

In many foreign markets, including the countries in the European Union, pricing of pharmaceutical products is subject to governmental control.  In the United States, there have been, and we expect that there will continue to be, a number of federal and state proposals to implement similar governmental pricing controls.  While we cannot predict whether such legislative or regulatory proposals will be adopted, the adoption of such proposals could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.  

Third parties may obtain FDA regulatory exclusivity to our detriment. 

We plan to seek to obtain market exclusivity for our drug candidates and any other drug candidates we develop in the future.  To the extent that patent protection is not available or has expired, FDA marketing exclusivity may be the only available form of exclusivity available for these proposed products.  Marketing exclusivity can delay the submission or the approval of certain marketing applications.  Potentially competitive products may also seek marketing exclusivity and may be in various stages of development, including some more advanced than our products.  We cannot predict with certainty the timing of FDA approval or whether FDA approval will be granted, nor can we predict with certainty the timing of FDA approval for competing products or whether such approval will be granted.  It is possible that competing products may obtain FDA approval with marketing exclusivity before we do, which could delay our ability to submit a marketing application or obtain necessary regulatory approvals, result in lost market opportunities with respect to our drug candidates and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Capital 

We incurred a net loss during fiscal 2017 and expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future. 

We incurred a net loss attributable to common shareholders of $8.6 million during the year ended September 30, 2017.  Pharmaceutical product development is a speculative undertaking, involves a substantial degree of risk and is a capital-intensive business.  We expect to incur significant expenses until we are able to obtain regulatory approval and subsequently sell one or more of our drug candidates under development in significant quantities, which may not happen.  We expect to devote most of our financial resources to research and development, including our non-clinical development activities and clinical trials.  Our drug candidates will require the completion of regulatory review, significant marketing efforts and substantial investment before they can provide us with any revenue.  We are uncertain when or if we will be able to achieve or sustain profitability. If we achieve profitability in the future, we may not be able to sustain profitability in subsequent periods. Failure to become and remain profitable would impair our ability to sustain operations and adversely affect the price of our common stock and our ability to raise capital. 

Additional financing will be needed to support our development activities. 

We expect to incur significant expenditures over the next several years to support our preclinical and clinical development activities, particularly with respect to clinical trials for our VERU  -722, VERU-944, VERU-111 and VERU-112 drug candidates and the bioequivalence study for   Tamsulosin DRS, Tamsulosin XR capsules, Solifenacin DRG, and Tadalafil/Finasteride combination capsules and to complete the commercialization of our drug candidates. This will require us to obtain additional financing for our business.  We may also need to obtain additional financing to complete the development of any additional drug candidates we might acquire or to pay other operating expenses. 

Additional financing may not be available on terms acceptable to us.  If we are unable to obtain needed financing on acceptable terms, we may not be able to implement our business plan, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If we raise additional funds through the sale of equity, convertible debt or other equity-linked securities, our shareholders' ownership will be diluted. We may issue securities that have rights, preferences and privileges senior to our common stock. 

Our future capital requirements will depend upon a number of factors, including: 

the size, complexity, results and timing of our development programs and clinical trials;     

our ability to successfully commercialize our drug candidates, if approved;     

the cost to obtain sufficient supply of the compounds necessary for our drug candidates at a reasonable cost;     

the time and cost involved in obtaining regulatory approvals;     

the terms and timing of any potential future collaborations, licensing or other arrangements we may establish;     

cash requirements of any future acquisitions or the development of other drug candidates;     

our receipt of funds from other potential sources, including cash flow from sales of FC2 and payments on outstanding receivables;     

the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, defending and enforcing patent claims;     

the costs involved in manufacturing and commercializing our drug candidates;     

28   

amount of sales or other revenues from drug candidates that we may commercialize, if any, including the selling prices for such drug candidates and the availability of adequate third-party coverage and reimbursement; and         

competing technological and market developments.     

These factors could result in variations from currently projected operating and liquidity requirements. 

If we fail to obtain additional capital, we may need to reduce the scope of our development programs or we could be forced to share our rights to technologies with third parties on terms that may not be favorable to us. 

We need large amounts of capital to support our development and commercialization efforts for our drug candidates.  If we are unable to secure sufficient capital to fund our operations, we will not be able to continue these efforts and we might have to enter into strategic collaborations that could require us to share commercial rights to one or more of our drug candidates with third parties in ways that we currently do not intend or on terms that may not be favorable to us.  We anticipate requiring additional capital to fund our development activities under our current business plan in fiscal 2018.  We may also need to raise additional funds if we choose to expand more rapidly than we presently anticipate or we encounter any unforeseen events that affect our current business plan. Adequate additional funding may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all.  If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms and not enter into strategic     collaborations, we would be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and development programs or future commercialization efforts. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

Our FC2 business may be affected by contracting risks with government and other international health agencies. 

Our customers for FC2 have primarily been large international agencies and government health agencies which purchase and distribute FC2 for use in family planning and HIV/AIDS prevention programs.  Sales to such agencies may be subject to government contracting risks, including the appropriations process and funding priorities, potential bureaucratic delays in awarding contracts under governmental tenders, process errors, politics or other pressures, and the risk that contracts may be subject to cancellation, delay, or restructuring.  A governmental tender award indicates acceptance of the bidder s price rather than an order or guarantee of the purchase of any minimum number of units.  Many governmental tenders are stated to be  up to  the maximum number of units, which gives the applicable government agency discretion to purchase less than the full maximum tender amount.  As a result, government agencies may order and purchase fewer units than the full maximum tender amount and there are no guarantees as to the timing or amount of actual orders or shipments under government tenders.  Orders received may vary from the amount of the tender award based on a number of factors, including vendor supply capacity, quality inspections, and changes in demand.  These contracting risks may cause significant quarter-to-quarter variations in our operating results and could adversely affect our net revenues and profitability.  Budget issues, spending cuts, and global health spending priorities affecting government health agencies may also adversely affect demand for FC2 and our net revenues. 

We will experience intense competition. 

We are engaged in the marketing and development of products in industries, including the pharmaceutical industry, that are highly competitive.  The pharmaceutical industry is also characterized by extensive research and rapid technological progress.    Potential competitors with respect to our drug candidates in North America, Europe and elsewhere include major pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology firms, universities and other research institutions and government agencies.  Many of our competitors have substantially greater research and development and regulatory capabilities and experience, and substantially greater management, manufacturing, distribution, marketing and financial resources, than we have.    We may be unable to compete successfully against current and future competitors, and competitive pressures could have a negative effect on our net revenues and profit margins.   

Other parties have developed and marketed female condoms, although only three such products have WHO pre-clearance and none of these female condoms have been approved for market by the FDA  .  FDA market approval is required to sell female condoms in the U.S., and WHO pre-clearance is required to sell female condoms to U.N. agencies.  FC2 has also been competing with other female condoms in markets that do not require either FDA market approval or WHO prequalification.  We have experienced increasing competition in the global public health sector, and competitors received part of the last two South African tenders.  Increasing competition in FC2 s markets may put pressure on pricing for FC2 or adversely affect sales of FC2, and some customers, particularly in the global public health sector, may prioritize price over other features where FC2 may have an advantage.  It is also possible that other companies will develop a female condom, and such companies   could have greater financial resources and customer contacts than us.  In addition, other contraceptive methods may compete with FC2 for funding and attention in the global public health sector.   

29   

An inability to identify or complete future acquisitions could adversely affect our future growth. 

We intend to pursue acquisitions of new products, technologies, and/or businesses that enable us to leverage our competitive strengths.  While we continue to evaluate potential acquisitions, we may not be able to identify and successfully negotiate suitable acquisitions, obtain financing for future acquisitions on satisfactory terms, obtain regulatory approval for acquisitions where required, or otherwise complete acquisitions in the future.  An inability to identify or complete future acquisitions could limit our future growth. 

We may experience difficulties in integrating strategic acquisitions. 

The integration of acquired companies and their operations into our operations involves a number of risks, including: 

the acquired business may experience losses that could adversely affect our profitability;     

unanticipated costs relating to the integration of acquired businesses may increase our expenses;     

possible failure to accomplish the strategic objectives for an acquisition;     

the loss of key personnel of the acquired business;     

difficulties in achieving planned cost-savings and synergies may increase our expenses or decrease our net revenues;     

diversion of management s attention could impair their ability to effectively manage our business operations;     

the acquired business may require significant expenditures for product development or regulatory approvals;     

the acquired business may lack adequate internal controls or have other issues with its financial systems;     

there may be regulatory compliance or other issues relating to the business practices of an acquired business;     

we may record goodwill and nonamortizable intangible assets that are subject to impairment testing on a regular basis and potential impairment charges and we may also incur amortization expenses related to intangible assets; and     

unanticipated management or operational problems or liabilities may adversely affect our profitability and financial condition.     

Additionally, we may borrow funds or issue equity to finance strategic acquisitions.  Debt leverage resulting from future acquisitions could adversely affect our operating margins and limit our ability to capitalize on future business opportunities.  Such borrowings may also be subject to fluctuations in interest rates.  Equity issuances may dilute our existing shareholders and adversely affect the market price of our shares.  

We depend on four major customers for a significant portion of our net revenues. 

The Company's four largest customers currently are UNFPA, USAID, Sekunjalo and Semina.  UNFPA accounted for 27 percent of units sales in fiscal 2017, 25 percent of unit sales in fiscal 2016 and 18 percent of unit sales in fiscal 2015.  USAID accounted for 43 percent of unit sales in fiscal 2017, 24 percent of unit sales in fiscal 2016 and 16 percent of unit sales in fiscal 2015.  Sekunjalo accounted for less than 10 percent of unit sales in fiscal 2017, 2016 and 2015.  Semina accounted for 27 percent of unit sales in fiscal 2016 and 47 percent of unit sales in fiscal 2015.  An adverse change in our relationship with our largest customers could have a material adverse effect on our net revenues and profitability.  In addition, we may have a concentration of accounts receivable with one or more of our largest customers, and a delay in payment by a large customer could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows and liquidity.  

Since we sell FC2 in foreign markets, we are subject to international business risks that could adversely affect our operating results  . 

Our international operations subject us to risks, including: 

economic and political instability;      

changes in international regulatory requirements, import duties, or export restrictions, including limitations on the repatriation of earnings;     

difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations;     

complications in complying with trade and foreign tax laws;     

price controls and other restrictions on foreign currency; and     

difficulties in our ability to enforce legal rights and remedies.     

Any of these risks might disrupt the supply of our products, increase our expenses or decrease our net revenues.  The cost of compliance with trade and foreign tax laws increases our expenses, and actual or alleged violations of such laws could result in enforcement actions or financial penalties that could result in substantial costs. 

30   

Increases in the cost of raw materials, labor, and other costs used to manufacture FC2 could increase our cost of sales and reduce our gross margins. 

We may experience increased costs of raw materials, including the nitrile polymer used in FC2, and increased labor costs.  We may not be able to pass along such cost increases to our customers.  As a result, an increase in the cost of raw materials, labor or other costs associated with manufacturing FC2 could increase our cost of sales and reduce our gross margins. 

Currency exchange rate fluctuations could increase our expenses. 

Because we manufacture FC2 in a leased facility located in Malaysia, a portion of our operating costs are denominated in a foreign currency.  While a material portion of our future sales of FC2 are likely to be in foreign markets, all sales of FC2 are denominated in U.S. dollars.  Manufacturing costs are subject to normal currency risks associated with fluctuations in the exchange rate of the Malaysian ringgit (MYR) relative to the U.S. dollar.  Historically, we have not hedged our foreign currency risk. 

We rely on a single facility to manufacture FC2, which subjects us to the risk of supply disruptions.  

We manufacture FC2 in a single leased facility located in Malaysia.  Difficulties encountered by this facility, such as fire, accident, natural disaster, or an outbreak of a contagious disease could halt or disrupt production at the facility, delay the completion of orders, or cause the cancellation of orders.  Any of these risks could increase our expenses or reduce our net revenues. 

Uncertainty and adverse changes in the general economic conditions may negatively affect our business. 

If general economic conditions in the U.S. and other global markets in which we operate decline, or if consumers fear that economic conditions will decline, consumers may reduce expenditures for products such as our products.  Adverse changes may occur as a result of adverse global or regional economic conditions, fluctuating oil prices, declining consumer confidence, unemployment, fluctuations in stock markets, contraction of credit availability, or other factors affecting economic conditions generally.  These changes may negatively affect the sales of our products, increase the cost, and decrease the availability of financing, or increase costs associated with producing and distributing our products.  In addition, a substantial portion of the sales of FC2 are made in the public market to government agencies, including USAID and other government agencies around the world.  Worsening economic conditions as well as budget deficits and austerity measures may cause pressures on government budgets and result in a reduction in purchases of FC2 by governmental agencies. Sales of FC2 fluctuate, which causes our operating results to vary from quarter-to-quarter. 

Sales of FC2 fluctuate based upon demand from our commercial partners and the public sector   and the nature of government procurement processes  .  Historically, our net revenues and profitability have varied from quarter to-quarter due to such buying patterns.  Quarterly variations in operating results may cause us to fail to meet market expectations for our operating results and may tend to depress our stock price during such quarters. 

Material adverse or unforeseen legal judgments, fines, penalties, or settlements could have an adverse impact on our profits and cash flows. 

We may, from time to time, become a party to legal proceedings incidental to our business, including, but not limited to, alleged claims relating to product liability, environmental compliance, patent infringement, commercial disputes, and employment matters.  The current and future use of our drug candidates by us and potential collaborators in clinical trials, and the sale of any approved products in the future, may expose us to product liability claims. We will face an inherent risk of product liability claims as a result of the clinical testing of our drug candidates, and will face an even greater risk if we obtain FDA approval and commercialize our drug candidates in the U.S. or other additional jurisdictions or if we engage in the clinical testing of proposed new products or commercialize any additional products. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability or a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourself against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of our existing products or drug candidates, if approved. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in any of the following: 

the inability to commercialize our drug candidates;     

difficulty recruiting subjects for clinical trials or withdrawal of these subjects before a trial is completed;     

labeling, marketing, or promotional restrictions;     

product recalls or withdrawals;     

decreased demand for our products or products that we may develop in the future;     

loss of revenue;     

injury to reputation;     

initiation of investigations by regulators;     

costs to defend the related litigation;     

31   

substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; and     

a decline in the value of our shares.     

Litigation could require us to record reserves or make payments which could adversely affect our profits and cash flows.  Even the successful defense of legal proceedings may cause us to incur substantial legal costs, may divert management's attention and resources away from our business, may prevent us or our partners from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the affected product and may substantially increase the costs of commercializing our future products and impair the ability to generate revenues from the commercialization of these products either by us or by our strategic alliance partners. 

We currently maintain limited general commercial liability insurance coverage.  However, we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses.  If a successful product liability claim or series of claims is brought against us for uninsured liabilities or for liabilities in excess of our insurance limits, our assets may not be sufficient to cover such claims and our business operations could be impaired. 

In connection with the APP Acquisition, two putative class action and derivative lawsuits were filed against us and our directors alleging breach of fiduciary duty and/or wasting of corporate assets.   These lawsuits are currently in an early stage.  Any unfavorable outcomes in these lawsuits, resulting in the payment of damages or affecting our transaction with APP, could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects and could reduce our profitability.  In addition, addressing these lawsuits will likely divert management's attention and resources from our business.    

Our business and operations would suffer in the event of system failures. 

Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems, and those of our CROs and other third parties on which we rely, are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. If such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our drug development programs. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed or ongoing or planned clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of or damage to our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and the further development of our drug candidates could be delayed. 

We will need to increase the size and complexity of our organization in the future, and we may experience difficulties in executing our growth strategy and managing any growth. 

Our management, personnel, systems and facilities currently in place may not be adequate to support our business plan and future growth. We will need to further expand our scientific, sales and marketing, managerial, operational, financial and other resources to support our planned research, development and commercialization activities. 

Our need to manage our operations, growth and various projects effectively requires that we: 

improve our operational, financial, management and regulatory compliance controls and reporting systems and procedures;      

attract and retain sufficient numbers of talented employees;     

manage our commercialization activities for our drug candidates effectively and in a cost-effective manner;     

manage our relationship with our partners related to the commercialization of our drug candidates;     

manage our clinical trials effectively;     

manage our internal manufacturing operations effectively and in a cost-effective manner while increasing production capabilities for our current drug candidates to commercial levels; and     

manage our development efforts effectively while carrying out our contractual obligations to partners and other third parties.      

In addition, historically, we have utilized and continue to utilize the services of part-time outside consultants to perform a number of tasks for us, including tasks related to preclinical and clinical testing. Our growth strategy may also entail expanding our use of consultants to implement these and other tasks going forward. Because we rely on consultants for certain functions of our business, we will need to be able to effectively manage these consultants to ensure that they successfully carry out their contractual obligations and meet expected deadlines. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage our existing consultants or find other competent outside consultants, as needed, on economically reasonable terms, or at all. If we are not able to effectively expand our organization by hiring new employees and expanding our use of consultants, we might be unable to implement successfully the tasks necessary to execute effectively on our planned research, development and commercialization activities and, accordingly, might not achieve our research, development and commercialization goals. 

32   

Risks Relating to Our Intellectual Property 

We may be unable to protect the proprietary nature of the intellectual property covering our products. 

Our commercial success will depend in part on our ability to obtain patents, as well as our ability to maintain adequate protection of other intellectual property for our drug candidates and other products.  If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property, competitors may be able to use our technologies and erode or negate any competitive advantage we may have, which could harm our business and profitability.  The patent positions of pharmaceutical products are highly uncertain.  The legal principles applicable to patents are in transition due to changing court precedent and legislative action and we cannot be certain that the historical legal standards surrounding questions of validity will continue to be applied or that current defenses relating to issued patents in these fields will be sufficient in the future.  Changes in patent laws in the United States, such as the America Invents Act of 2011, may affect the scope, strength and enforceability of our patent rights or the nature of proceedings that may be brought by us related to our patent rights.  In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States and we may encounter significant problems in protecting our proprietary rights in these countries.  We will be able to protect our proprietary rights from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent that our proprietary technologies are covered by valid and enforceable patents or are effectively maintained as trade secrets. 

These risks include the possibility of the following: 

all of our or our licensor s patents expire or are invalidated or are found to be unenforceable, or if some or all of our patent applications do not result in issued patents or result in patents with narrow, overbroad, or unenforceable claims, or claims that are not supported in regard to written description or enablement by the specification, or if we are prevented from asserting that the claims of an issued patent cover a product of a third party, we may be subject to competition from third parties with products in the same class of products as our product candidates or products with the same active pharmaceutical ingredients as our product candidates, including in those jurisdictions in which we have no patent protection.     

Our commercial success will depend in part on obtaining and maintaining patent and trade secret protection for our product candidates, as well as the methods for treating patients in the product indications using these product candidates. We will be able to protect our product candidates and the methods for treating patients in the product indications using these product candidates from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent that we or our exclusive licensor owns or controls such valid and enforceable patents or trade secrets.  

Even if our product candidates and the methods for treating patients for prescribed indications using these product candidates are covered by valid and enforceable patents and have claims with sufficient scope, disclosure and support in the specification, the patents will provide protection only for a limited amount of time. Our and our licensor s ability to obtain patents can be highly uncertain and involve complex and in some cases unsettled legal issues and factual questions. Furthermore, different countries have different procedures for obtaining patents, and patents issued in different countries provide different degrees of protection against the use of a patented invention by others. Therefore, if the issuance to us or our licensor, in a given country, of a patent covering an invention is not followed by the issuance, in other countries, of patents covering the same invention, or if any judicial interpretation of the validity, enforceability, or scope of the claims in, or the written description or enablement in, a patent issued in one country is not similar to the interpretation given to the corresponding patent issued in another country, our ability to protect our intellectual property in those countries may be limited. Changes in either patent laws or in interpretations of patent laws in the United States and other countries may materially diminish the value of our intellectual property or narrow the scope of our patent protection.   

While we will apply for patents covering our technologies and products, as we deem appropriate, many third parties may already have filed patent applications or have received patents in our areas of product development.  These entities' applications, patents and other intellectual property rights may conflict with our patent applications or other intellectual property rights and could prevent us from obtaining patents, could call into question the validity of any of our patents, if issued, or could otherwise adversely affect our ability to develop, manufacture, commercialize or market our products.  In addition, if third parties file patent applications which include claims covering any technology to which we have rights, we may have to participate in interference, derivation or other proceedings with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO), or foreign patent regulatory authorities to determine our rights in the technology, which may be time-consuming and expensive.  Moreover, issued patents may be challenged in the courts or in post-grant proceedings at the USPTO, or in similar proceedings in foreign countries.  These proceedings may result in loss of patent claims or adverse changes to the scope of the claims. 

If we or our licensors or strategic partners fail to obtain and maintain patent protection for our products, or our proprietary technologies and their uses, companies may be dissuaded from collaborating with us.  In such event, our ability to commercialize our drug candidates or future drug candidates, if approved, may be threatened, we could lose our competitive advantage and the competition we face could increase, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

33   

In addition, mechanisms exist in much of the world permitting some form of challenge by generic drug marketers to patents prior to, or immediately following, the expiration of any regulatory exclusivity, and generic companies are increasingly employing aggressive strategies, such as "at risk" launches and compulsory licensing to challenge relevant patent rights. 

Our business also may rely on unpatented proprietary technology, know-how, and trade secrets.  If the confidentiality of this intellectual property is breached, it could adversely impact our business. 

We are dependent in part on some license relationships. 

We have acquired by license technology relating to our VERU-111 and VERU-112 drug candidates, and might enter into additional licenses in the future.  Licenses to which we are a party contain, and we expect that any future licenses will contain, provisions requiring up-front, milestone and royalty payments to licensors.  If we fail to comply with these obligations or other obligations to a licensor, that licensor might have the right to terminate the license on relatively short notice, in which event we would not be able to commercialize the drug candidates that were covered by the license.  Also, the milestone and other payments associated with these licenses will make it less profitable for us to develop our drug candidates. 

We have continuing obligations under our purchase agreements to acquire the intellectual property rights. 

In addition to an upfront payment that we made in connection with the acquisition of the intellectual property rights associated with Tamsulosin DRS, there are significant installment payments and milestone payments that are required to be made pursuant to the terms of the purchase agreement.  In addition, we granted a security interest in the purchased assets to the seller to secure our present and future payment and performance obligations under the purchase agreement.  We also have obligations to make upfront payments and milestone payments in connection with our recent acquisitions of intellectual property rights associated with Solifenacin DRG and Tadalafil / Finasteride combination capsules.  Accordingly, there will be significant payments that we will be required to make in the future to the sellers of these assets and the failure to make such payments may result in us losing our rights to the intellectual property we acquired.  If we fail to retain such rights, we would not be able to commercialize any products relating to the rights.  In such event, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects would be materially adversely affected.    

We may face claims that our intellectual property infringes on the intellectual property rights of third parties.   If we infringe intellectual property rights of third parties, it may increase our costs or prevent us from being able to commercialize our product candidates. 

Our success depends, in part, on not infringing the patents and proprietary rights of other parties and not breaching any license, collaboration or other agreements we enter into with regard to our technologies and products.  Numerous United States and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications owned by others also exist in the therapeutic areas in, and for the therapeutic targets for, which we intend to develop drugs.  Patent applications are confidential when filed and remain confidential until publication, approximately 18 months after initial filing, while some patent applications remain unpublished until issuance.  As such, there may be other third-party patents and pending applications of which we will be unaware with claims directed towards composition of matter, formulations, methods of manufacture, or methods for treatment related to the use or manufacture of our products or drug candidates.  Therefore, we cannot know with certainty the nature or existence of every third-party patent filing.  We cannot be sure that us or our partners will be free to manufacture or market our drug candidates as planned or that us or our licensors' and partners' patents will not be opposed or litigated by third parties.  If any third-party patent was held by a court of competent jurisdiction to cover aspects of our materials, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods of treatment related to the use or manufacture of any of our drug candidates, the holders of any such patent may be able to block our ability to develop and commercialize the applicable drug candidate unless we obtained a license or until such patent expires or is finally determined to be held invalid or unenforceable.  We may not be able to obtain a license to such patent on favorable terms or at all.  Failure to obtain such license may have a material adverse effect on our business. 

There is a risk that we are infringing the proprietary rights of third parties because numerous United States and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications, which are owned by third parties, exist in the fields that are the focus of our development and manufacturing efforts. Others might have been the first to make the inventions covered by each of our or our licensor s pending patent applications and issued patents and/or might have been the first to file patent applications for these inventions. In addition, because patent applications take many months to publish and patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending applications, unknown to us or our licensor, which may later result in issued patents that cover the production, manufacture, synthesis, commercialization, formulation or use of our product candidates. In addition, the production, manufacture, synthesis, commercialization, formulation or use of our product candidates may infringe existing patents of which we are not aware. Defending ourselves against third-party claims, including litigation in particular, would be costly and time consuming and would divert management s attention from our business, which could lead to delays in our development or commercialization efforts. If third parties are successful in their claims, we might have to pay substantial damages or take other actions that are adverse to our business. 

34   

There is a substantial amount of litigation involving intellectual property in the pharmaceutical industry.  If a third party asserts that we infringe its patents or other proprietary rights, we could face a number of risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, including the following: 

infringement and other intellectual property claims would be costly and time-consuming to defend, whether or not we are ultimately successful, and could delay the regulatory approval process, consume our capital and divert management's attention from our business;     

we may have to pay substantial damages for past infringement if a court determines that our products or technologies infringe a competitor's patent or other proprietary rights;     

a court may prohibit us from selling or licensing our technologies or future products unless a third party licenses its patents or other proprietary rights to us on commercially reasonable terms, which it is not required to do;     

if a license is available from a third party, we may have to pay substantial royalties or lump sum payments or grant cross licenses to our patents or other proprietary rights to obtain that license; or     

we may need to redesign our products so they do not infringe, which may not be possible or may require substantial monetary expenditures and time.     

We cannot predict whether third parties will assert these claims against us or our strategic partners or against the licensors of technology licensed to us, or whether those claims will harm our business.  In addition, the outcome of intellectual property litigation is subject to uncertainties that cannot be adequately quantified in advance.  If we or our partners were to face infringement claims or challenges by third parties relating to our drug candidates, an adverse outcome could subject us to significant liabilities to such third parties, and force us or our partners to curtail or cease the development of some or all of our drug candidates, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We must submit patent certifications in connection with the 505(b)(2) FDA regulatory pathway. 

We intend to submit NDAs for our VERU-722 and VERU-944 drug candidates, assuming that the clinical data justify submission, and for our   Tamsulosin DRS, Tamsulosin XR capsules, Solifenacin DRG, and Tadalafil/Finasteride combination capsules products under Section 505(b)(2) of the FDCA  , which was enacted as part of the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, otherwise known as the Hatch-Waxman Act.  Section 505(b)(2) permits the filing of an NDA when at least some of the information required for approval comes from studies not conducted by or for the applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference.  To the extent that a Section 505(b)(2) NDA relies on clinical trials conducted for a previously approved drug product or the FDA's prior findings of safety and effectiveness for a previously approved drug product, the Section 505(b)(2) applicant must submit patent certifications in its Section 505(b)(2) NDA with respect to any patents for the approved product on which the application relies that are listed in the FDA's publication,   Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations  , commonly referred to as the Orange Book.  Specifically, the applicant must certify for each listed patent that (i) the required patent information has not been filed; (ii) the listed patent has expired; (iii) the listed patent has not expired, but will expire on a particular date and approval is not sought until after patent expiration; or (iv) the listed patent is invalid, unenforceable or will not be infringed by the proposed new product.  A certification that the new product will not infringe the previously approved product's listed patent or that such patent is invalid or unenforceable is known as a Paragraph IV certification. 

If the Section 505(b)(2) NDA applicant has provided a Paragraph IV certification to the FDA, the applicant must also send notice of the Paragraph IV certification to the owner of the referenced NDA for the previously approved product and relevant patent holders within 20 days after the Section 505(b)(2) NDA has been accepted for filing by the FDA.  The NDA and patent holders may then initiate a patent infringement suit against the Section 505(b)(2) applicant. The filing of a patent infringement lawsuit within 45 days of the receipt of a Paragraph IV certification prevents the FDA from approving the application until the earlier of 30 months from the date of the lawsuit, expiration of the patent, settlement of the lawsuit, or a decision in the infringement case that is favorable to the applicant.  The court also has the ability to shorten or lengthen the 30 month period if either party is found not to be reasonably cooperating in expediting the litigation.  Thus, the Section 505(b)(2) applicant may invest a significant amount of time and expense in the development of its product only to be subject to significant delay and patent litigation before its product may be commercialized.  Alternatively, if the NDA or relevant patent holder does not file a patent infringement lawsuit within the specified 45 day period, the FDA may approve the Section 505(b)(2) application at any time. 

If we cannot certify that all of the patents listed in the Orange Book for the approved products referenced in the NDAs for each of our drug candidates have expired, we will be compelled to include a Paragraph IV certification in the NDA for such drug candidate.   Our inability to certify that all of the patents listed in the FDA's Orange Book for approved products referenced in the NDAs for each of our drug candidates could have a serious and significant adverse effect on the timing for obtaining approval of our drug candidates.   

We may be subject to claims that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of our competitors. 

As is common in the pharmaceutical industry, we will employ individuals who were previously employed at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors.  We may be subject to claims that these employees, or  

35   

we, have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of their former employers.  Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims.  Such claims may lead to material costs for us, or an inability to protect or use valuable intellectual property rights, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We may need to file lawsuits or take other actions to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights. 

We may be subject to competition from third parties with products in the same class of products as our product candidates or products with the same active pharmaceutical ingredients as our product candidates in those jurisdictions in which we have no patent protection.  Even if patents are issued to us or our licensor regarding our product candidates or methods of using them, those patents can be challenged by our competitors who can argue such patents are invalid or unenforceable, lack of utility, lack sufficient written description or enablement, or that the claims of the issued patents should be limited or narrowly construed. Patents also will not protect our product candidates if competitors devise ways of making or using these product candidates without legally infringing our patents. The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and FDA regulations and policies create a regulatory environment that encourages companies to challenge branded drug patents or to create non-infringing versions of a patented product in order to facilitate the approval of abbreviated new drug applications for generic substitutes. These same types of incentives encourage competitors to submit new drug applications that rely on literature and clinical data not prepared for or by the drug sponsor, providing another less burdensome pathway to approval. 

Competitors may infringe our patents or the patents of our licensors.  To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming.  Moreover, we may not have sufficient financial or other resources to file and pursue such infringement claims, which typically last for years before they are concluded.  The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to pharmaceuticals, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights, generally. 

In addition, in an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that one of our patents or one of our licensor's patents is not valid or is unenforceable, or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents, or those of ours licensors, do not cover the technology in question or on other grounds.  An adverse result in any litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more of our patents, or those of our licensors, at risk of being invalidated, held unenforceable or interpreted narrowly and could put our patent applications, or those of our licensors, at risk of not issuing.  Moreover, we may not be able to prevent, alone or with our licensors, misappropriation of our proprietary rights, particularly in countries in which the laws may not protect those rights as fully as in the United States or in those countries in which we do not file national phase patent applications.  Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation.  The occurrence of any of the above could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We may fail to protect the confidentiality of commercially sensitive information. 

We also rely on trade secrets to protect our technology, especially where we do not believe that patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. Our employees, consultants, contractors, outside scientific collaborators and other advisors may unintentionally or willfully disclose our confidential information to competitors, and confidentiality agreements may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. Enforcing a claim that a third party illegally obtained and is using our trade secrets is expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. Moreover, our competitors may independently develop equivalent knowledge, methods and know-how. Failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive business position. 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

A limited number of shareholders may be able to exercise substantial influence over us. 

As of December 21, 2017, each of Mitchell S. Steiner, M.D. and Harry Fisch, M.D. beneficially owns approximately 14.8% of the shares of common stock outstanding.  T  hese shareholders may have the ability to exert significant influence over the outcome of shareholder votes, including votes concerning director elections, amendments to our Articles of Incorporation and possible mergers, corporate control contests and other significant corporate transactions.    

36   

Charges to earnings resulting from the APP Acquisition may cause our operating results to suffer. 

Under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805,   Business Combinations  , we will allocate the total purchase price of the APP Acquisition to APP's net tangible assets and intangible assets based on their respective fair values as of the date of the APP Acquisition, and we will record the excess of the purchase price over those fair values as goodwill. Management's estimates of the fair value of such assets will be based upon assumptions that they believe to be reasonable but that will be inherently uncertain. The following factors, among others, could result in material charges that would cause our financial results to be negatively impacted: 

impairment of goodwill;     

charges for the amortization of identifiable intangible assets and for stock-based compensation;     

accrual of newly identified pre-acquisition contingent liabilities that are identified subsequent to the finalization of the purchase price allocation; and     

charges to income to eliminate certain of our pre-acquisition     activities that duplicate those of APP or to reduce the combined company's cost structure.     

Additional costs may include costs of employee redeployment, relocation and retention, including salary increases or bonuses, accelerated amortization of deferred equity compensation and severance payments, reorganization or closure of facilities, taxes and termination of contracts that provide redundant or conflicting services. Some of these costs may have to be accounted for as expenses that would decrease net income and earnings per share for the periods in which those adjustments are made. 

If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. 

Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is required annually to deliver a report that assesses the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting.  However, for as long as we remain a "non-accelerated filer" under the rules of the SEC, our independent registered public accounting firm is not required to deliver an annual attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. We will cease to be a non-accelerated filer if the   aggregate market value of our outstanding common stock held by non-affiliates   as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter is $75 million or more, in which case we would again be subject to the requirement for an annual attestation report by our independent registered public accounting firm on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting.  If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we may not be able to produce accurate financial statements, and investors may therefore lose confidence in our operating results, our stock price could decline and we may be subject to litigation or regulatory enforcement actions. 

We are a "smaller reporting company" and will be able to avail ourselves of reduced disclosure requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies, which could make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We are a "smaller reporting company," as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not "smaller reporting companies," including reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. We may take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer a "smaller reporting company." We will remain a "smaller reporting company" until   the   aggregate market value of our outstanding common stock held by non-affiliates   as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter is $75 million or more  . 

There are provisions in our charter documents and Wisconsin law that might prevent or delay a change in control of our company. 

We are subject to a number of provisions in our charter documents and Wisconsin law that may discourage, delay, or prevent a merger or acquisition that a shareholder may consider favorable.  These provisions include the following: 

the authority provided to our Board of Directors in our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation to issue preferred stock without further action by our shareholders;     

the provision under Wisconsin law that permits shareholders to act by written consent only if such consent is unanimous;      

the provision under Wisconsin law that requires for a corporation such as us, that was formed before January 1, 1973, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of our voting stock to approve an amendment to our articles of incorporation, a merger submitted to a vote of our shareholders, or a sale of substantially all of our assets;     

advance notice procedures for nominations of candidates for election as directors and for shareholder proposals to be considered at shareholders  meetings; and     

37   

the   Wisconsin control share acquisition statute and Wisconsin's "fair price" and "business combination" provisions which limit the ability of an acquiring person to engage in certain transactions or to exercise the full voting power of acquired shares under certain circumstances.     

The trading price of our common stock has been volatile, and investors in our common stock may experience substantial losses. 

The trading price of our common stock has been volatile and may continue to be volatile.  The trading price of our common stock could decline or fluctuate in response to a variety of factors, including: 

our failure to meet market expectations for our performance;     

the timing of announcements by us or our competitors concerning significant product developments, acquisitions, or financial performance;     

adverse results or delays in our clinical trials for our drug candidates;     

changes in laws or regulations applicable to our business;     

competition from new products that may emerge;     

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition or operating results;     

substantial sales of our common stock;     

issuance of new or updated research reports from securities analysts;     

announcement or expectation of additional debt or equity financing efforts;     

additions or departures of key personnel;     

general stock market conditions; or     

other economic or external factors.     

You may be unable to sell your stock at or above your purchase price. 

If our stock price declines, our common stock may be subject to delisting from the NASDAQ Capital Market. 

If the closing bid price of our common stock is less than $1.00 per share for 30 consecutive trading days, we may receive a letter from the staff of The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC stating that our common stock will be delisted unless we are able to regain compliance with the Nasdaq Listing Rule requiring that we maintain a closing bid price for our common stock of at least $1.00 per share.  We cannot guarantee that our stock price will continue to trade above $1.00 per share or otherwise meet the NASDAQ listing requirements and therefore our common stock may in the future be subject to delisting.  If our common stock is delisted, this would, among other things, substantially impair our ability to raise additional funds and could result in a loss of institutional investor interest and fewer development opportunities for us. 

Future sales of our common stock may depress our stock price. 

Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur may reduce the prevailing market price of our common stock and make it more difficult for you to sell your common stock at a time and price that you deem appropriate. In addition, certain of the former stockholders of APP are entitled to rights with respect to the registration of the shares they received pursuant to the APP Acquisition under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act). Registration of these shares under the Securities Act would result in the shares becoming freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act. Any sales of securities by existing shareholders could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 

Because we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future, capital appreciation, if any, will be our shareholders  sole source of gain. 

We have not declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock since May 2014.  We currently intend to retain all of our future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business.  In addition, the terms of existing or any future debt agreements may preclude us from paying dividends.  As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be our shareholders  sole source of gain for the foreseeable future                                                                                                                                                          . 

Item 1B  . Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not Applicable 

38   

Item 2. Properties   

The Company's headquarters are located in Miami, FL in approximately 2,600 sq. ft. of office space that the Company leased in   November 201  6.  The Miami lease expires on   November   1, 2019, although the Company has two renewal options to extend the term for a period of three years each. Effective   August 201  7, the Company entered into a sublease for its prior headquarters in Chicago, IL.  The Company continues to be responsible for   performance under   the Chicago lease until it expires on   October   31, 2023.  The Company utilizes warehouse space and sales fulfillment services of an independent public warehouse located in Glendale Heights, IL and La Vergne, TN for storage and distribution of FC2 and an independent public warehouse in Lakewood, New Jersey for storage and distribution of PREBOOST .  In   June 201  0, the Company entered a new lease agreement for 6,400 square feet of office space located in London, England.  The lease expires in   June 202  0.  The Company manufactures and warehouses FC2 within a leased facility with 45,800 sq. ft. of production and warehouse space, in Selangor D.E., Malaysia.  The FDA-approved manufacturing process is subject to periodic inspections by the FDA as well as the U.K. based  notified body , which is responsible for CE and ISO accreditation. The lease currently has an expiration date of   September   1, 2019. The Company s Malaysian production capacity is approximately 100   million   units annually.    

Item 3. Legal Proceedings.    

In connection with the APP Acquisition, two purported derivative and class action lawsuits were filed against the Company in the Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois, which were captioned Glotzer v. The Female Health Company, et al., Case No. 2016-CH-13815, and Schartz v. Parrish, et al., Case No. 2016-CH-14488.  On   January   9, 2017 these two lawsuits were consolidated.  On   March   31, 2017, the plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint.  The consolidated complaint named as defendants Veru, the members of our board of directors prior to the closing of the APP Acquisition and the members of our board of directors after the closing of the APP Acquisition.  The consolidated complaint alleges, among other things, that our directors breached their fiduciary duties, or aided and abetted such breaches, by consummating the APP Acquisition in violation of the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law and NASDAQ voting requirements and by causing us to issue the shares of our common stock and Series 4 Preferred Stock to the former stockholders of APP pursuant to the APP Acquisition in order to evade the voting requirements of the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law. The consolidated complaint also alleges that Mitchell S. Steiner, a director and the President and Chief Executive Officer of Veru and a co-founder of APP, and Harry Fisch, a director of Veru and a co-founder of APP, were unjustly enriched in receiving shares of our common stock and Series 4 Preferred Stock in the APP Acquisition.  Based on these allegations, the consolidated complaint seeks equitable relief, including rescission of the APP Acquisition, money damages, disgorgement of the shares of our common stock and Series 4 Preferred Stock issued to Dr. Steiner and Dr. Fisch, and costs and expenses of the litigation, including attorneys' fees.  On   May   5, 2017, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the consolidated complaint.  On   August   15, 2017, the court entered an order dismissing without prejudice the claims that the post-acquisition directors aided and abetted the alleged breaches of fiduciary duties by the pre-acquisition directors and that Dr. Steiner and Dr. Fisch were unjustly enriched.  The court did not dismiss the claims that the pre-acquisition directors breached their fiduciary duties and the claims that Veru consummated the APP Acquisition in violation of the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law and NASDAQ voting requirements, and the action is continuing as to those claims.  Veru believes that this action is without merit and is vigorously defending itself  .      

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures   

Not Applicable 

39   

PART II  

Item 5  . Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  

Shares of our common stock trade on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol "VERU".  The approximate number of record holders of our common stock at   December 6, 2017   was   269  .  The Company has not paid cash dividends on its common stock since May 2014.  The Company intends to retain any earnings for use in operations and, therefore, does not anticipate paying cash dividends for the foreseeable future.  The Company's credit facility with BMO Harris Bank N.A., restricts dividends and share repurchases.  The credit facility with BMO Harris, N.A. will expire on December 29, 2017 and will not be renewed.  Information regarding the high and low reported closing prices for our common stock is set forth in the table below.       

40   

Item 6. Selected Financial Data   

The data set forth below should be read in conjunction with Item 7,  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial   Condition and Results of Operations  and the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  The Consolidated Statement of Income Data for the years ended   September   30, 2017, 2016, and 2015  , and the Consolidated Balance Sheet Data as of   September   30, 2017 and 2016  , are derived from the Consolidated   Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report.  The Consolidated Statement of Income Data for the years ended   September 30, 2014 and 2013  , and the Consolidated Balance She  et Data as of September 30, 2015, 2014,   and 201  3  , are derived from Consolidated Financial Statements that are not included in this report.  The historical results are not necessarily   indicative of results to be expected for future periods. 

41   

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations    

Overview  

Veru Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on urology and oncology.  The Company does business as both "Veru Healthcare" and "The Female Health Company."  On July 31, 2017, the Company changed its corporate name from The Female Health Company to Veru Inc.  

Veru utilizes the U.S. Food and Drug Administration's (the FDA) 505(b)(2) regulatory approval pathway to develop and commercialize drug candidates. The FDA's 505(b)(2) regulatory approval pathway is designed to allow for potentially expedited, lower cost and lower risk regulatory approval based on previously established safety, efficacy, and maunfacturing information on a drug that has been already approved by FDA for the same or a different indication.  Veru is developing drug candidates under the 505(b)(1) pathway as well, which is the traditional full new drug application (NDA) pathway that requires a complete preclinical, clinical, and manufacturing application. The Company is currently developing drug product candidates for benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH or enlarged prostate), overactive bladder (urge incontinence, urgency, or frequency of urination), hot flashes in men associated with prostate cancer hormone treatment, erectile dysfunction, male infertility and novel oral therapy (alpha   beta tubulin inhibitor) for a variety of malignancies, including metastatic prostate, breast, endometrial, ovarian, and other cancers.  

To help support these clinical development programs, the Company markets and sells the FC2 Female Condom  (FC2) into the US market by prescription and other sales channels and through The Female Health Company Division in the global public health sector (ministries of health, government health agencies, U.N. agencies, and nonprofit organizations). In addition, the Company markets and sells the PREBOOST      (4% benzocaine medicated individual wipes) which is a male genital desensitizing drug product for the prevention of premature ejaculation (PE) that is being co-promoted and distributed with Timm Medical Technologies, Inc. 

On October 31, 2016, as part of the Company's strategy to diversify its product line to mitigate the risks of being a single product company, the Company completed its acquisition (the APP Acquisition) of Aspen Park Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (APP) through the merger of a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company into APP.  The completion of the APP Acquisition transitioned us from a single product company selling only the FC2 Female Condom  to a biopharmaceutical company with multiple drug products under clinical development and commercialization. 

On August 12, 2016, the FDA agreed that the Company's Tamsulosin DRS (tamsulosin HCl delayed release sachet) medication, a proprietary slow release granule formulation for the treatment of lower urinary tract symptoms of an enlarged prostate called benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH), a $3.5 billion market, qualifies for the expedited 505(b)(2) regulatory approval pathway.  In March 2017, the Company initiated a bioequivalence clinical study for Tamsulosin DRS and in April 2017 announced the successful completion of Stage 1 of the bioequivalence clinical study, which selected the optimal formulation of our proprietary Tamsulosin DRS product.  In October 2017, the Company initiated Stage 2 of the bioequivalence clinical study of Tamsulosin DRS and in November 2017 announced the results of Stage 2 of the bioequivalence clinical study.  During the Stage 2 bioequivalence clinical study, dosing with Tamsulosin DRS fasted and Tamsulosin DRS fed were successfully shown to be bioequivalent with FLOMAX fed based on AUC, which is the key determinant of drug exposure over time.  The Tamsulosin DRS formulation still needs to meet the remaining bioequivalence criterion for peak value (Cmax). The Company intends to initiate a new bioequivalence study after adjusting the formulation to address Cmax and expects this study to be completed in the first quarter of 2018. The Company plans to develop Tamsulosin XR (extended release) capsules (tamsulosin HCl extended release capsules) as well. The Company does not believe that the new bioequivalence study and capsule formulation development will affect the timing of its planned submission of an NDA for Tamsulosin DRS granules and Tamsulosin XR capsules and, if the new bioequivalence study is successful, plans to submit the NDA in the first half of 2018.  

On December 6, 2016, the Company presented an overview of its drug candidate for male infertility, VERU-722, at the meeting of the Bone, Reproductive and Urologic Drugs (BRUD) FDA Advisory Committee at the invitation of the FDA.  At the meeting, the committee discussed appropriate clinical trial design features, including acceptable endpoints for demonstrating clinical benefit, for drugs intended to treat secondary hypogonadism (low testosterone levels) while preserving or improving testicular function, including spermatogenesis. At the meeting, the FDA Advisory Committee provided guidance for clinical trial design and endpoints, and agreed with the intended patient population to treat, recommended a short-term study, and supported the use of improvement of semen quality for such clinical endpoints as avoidance of aggressive assisted reproductive procedures such as   in vitro   fertilization or pregnancy. Based on this advice, the Company is considering advancing VERU-722 into Phase 2 clinical trial in men with testicular dysfunction [oligospermia (low sperm count) and secondary hypogonadism] as a cause of male factor infertility. 

On May 13, 2017, the Company announced positive results of a clinical study of its novel PREBOOST      product.  The PREBOOST      clinical study enrolled 26 men aged 18 years or older in a heterosexual, monogamous relationship, with PE, defined as reported poor control over ejaculation, personal distress related to ejaculation and average IELT of two minutes or less on stopwatch measurement. After treatment with PREBOOST     , 82 percent of men were no longer considered to have premature ejaculation with an increase on average of 5 minutes.  Results showed that treatment was well tolerated. Therefore, the results of the study showed that   PREBOOST      

42   

prolonged time to ejaculation, supporting the clinical validity of PREBOOST      for the prevention of premature ejaculation.    The Company launched the produ  ct in the United States in January 2017 and in October 2017 entered into a   co-promotion and distribution agreement with Timm Medical Technologies, Inc. 

On May 24, 2017, the Company announced that, following a Pre-IND meeting with FDA, it plans to advance VERU-944 (cis-clomiphene citrate), oral agent being evaluated for the treatment of hot flashes in men receiving hormone therapy, androgen deprivation therapy (ADT), for advanced prostate cancer into Phase 2 clinical trial utilizing the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway. Approximately 80% of men receiving one of the common forms of ADT, including LUPRON  (Leuprolide), ELIGARD  (Leuprolide), and FIRMAGON (degarelix), experience hot flashes and 30-40% will suffer from moderate to severe hot flashes.  An investigational new drug application (IND) is expected to be filed with FDA in the first quarter of 2018. 

On December 11, 2017, the Company announced   that it has acquired world-wide rights to a novel, proprietary oral granule formulation for solifenacin from Camargo Pharmaceuticals Services, LLC.  Solifenacin is the active ingredient in a leading drug VESIcare  for the treatment of overactive bladder in men and women.     Solifenacin Delayed Release Granule (DRG)   formulation   addresses the large population of men and women who have overactive bladder (OAB) and who have dysphagia, or difficulty swallowing tablets.    In PreIND meeting, FDA   confirmed that a single bioequivalence study and that no additional nonclinical, clinical efficacy and/or safety studies will be required to support the approval of Solifenacin DRG product for the treatment of overactive bladder.        The Company plans to complete the Solifenacin DRG bioequivalence study in 2018 and to file the NDA in 2019.  

On December 15, 2017, the Company acquired world-wide rights to Tadalafil-Finasteride combination capsules formulation from Camargo Pharmaceuticals Services, LLC.  Tadalafil-Finasteride combination capsules (tadalafil 5mg and finasteride 5mg) is a new, proprietary formulation that addresses the large population of men who have lower urinary tract symptoms and restricted urinary stream because of an enlarged prostate. Tadalafil 5mg is a phosphodiesterase 5 (PDE5) inhibitor marketed under CIALIS  for benign prostatic hyperplasia and erectile dysfunction and finasteride 5mg is a Type 2, 5-alpha reductase inhibitor marketed under PROSCAR  to decrease size the prostate, prevent urinary retention and the need for prostate surgery in men who have an enlarged prostate. In PreIND meeting held in November 2017, FDA agreed that a single a bioequivalence study and no additional nonclinical, clinical efficacy and safety studies will be required to support the approval of Tadalafil-Finasteride combination capsules via a 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway. The Company plans to complete the bioequivalence study in 2018 and to file the NDA in 2019. 

Prior to the completion of the APP Acquisition, the Company had been a single product company, focused on manufacturing, marketing and selling the Female Condom (FC2).  FC2 is the only currently available female-controlled product approved for market by the FDA and cleared by the World Health Organization (WHO) for purchase by U.N. agencies that provides dual protection against unintended pregnancy and sexually transmitted infections (STIs), including HIV/AIDS a  nd the Zika virus.  Nearly all of the Company s net revenues for fiscal 2017 were derived from sales of FC2. 

FC2 s primary use is for disease prevention and family planning, and the public health sector is the Company s main market. Within the public health sector, various organizations supply critical products such as FC2, at no cost or low cost, to those who need but cannot afford to buy such products for themselves. 

FC2 has been distributed in 144 countries.  A significant number of countries with the highest demand potential are in the developing world.  The incidence of HIV/AIDS, other STIs and unwanted pregnancy in these countries represents a remarkable potential for significant sales of a product that benefits some of the world s most underprivileged people.  However, conditions in these countries can be volatile and result in unpredictable delays in program development, tender applications and processing orders. 

FC2 has a relatively small customer base, with a limited number of customers who generally purchase in large quantities. Over the past few years, major customers have included large global agencies, such as UNFPA and USAID.  Other customers include ministries of health or other governmental agencies, which either purchase directly or via in-country distributors, and NGOs.   

Purchasing patterns for FC2 vary significantly from one customer to another, and may reflect factors other than simple demand.  For example, some governmental agencies purchase FC  2 through a formal procurement process in which a tender (request for bid) is issued for either a specific or a maximum unit quantity.  Tenders also define the other elements required for a qualified bid submission (such as product specifications, regulatory approvals, clearance by WHO, unit pricing and delivery timetable).  Bidders have a limited period of time in which to submit bids.  Bids are subjected to an evaluation process which is intended to conclude with a tender award to the successful bidder.  The entire tender process, from publication to award, may take many months to complete. A tender award indicates acceptance of the bidder s price rather than an order or guarantee of the purchase of any minimum number of units.  Many governmental tenders are stated to be  up to  the maximum number of units, which gives the applicable government agency discretion to purchase less than the full maximum tender amount.  Orders are placed after the tender is awarded; there are often no set dates for orders in the tender and there are no guarantees as to the timing or amount of actual orders or shipments.  Orders received may vary from the amount of the tender award based on a number of factors including vendor supply capacity, quality inspections and changes in demand.  Administrative issues, politics, bureaucracy, process errors, changes in leadership, funding priorities and/or other  

43   

pressures may delay or derail the process and affect the purchasing patterns of public sector customers.  As a result, the Company may experience significant quarter-to-quarter sales variations due to the timing and shipment of large orders of FC2.  

In October 2014, the Company announced that Semina was awarded an exclusive contract under a public tender.  The contract was valid through August 20, 2015, allowing the Brazil Ministry of Health to place orders against this tender at its discretion.  Through the end of the contract, the Company received orders for 40 million units of FC2 in fulfillment of the tender, 28 million of which were shipped during the year ended September 30, 2015 and 12 million of which were shipped during the year ended September 30, 2016. 

In April 2017, the Company launched a small scale marketing and sales program to support the promotion of FC2 in the US market. The commercial team developed a plan to confirm the  proof of concept  that FC2 represented a significant business opportunity. This required changes in the distribution process for FC2 in the US. As part of this reorganization the company announced new distribution agreements with three of the country's largest distributors that support the pharmaceutical industry. This newly developed network now allows up to 98% of major retail pharmacies the ability to make FC2 available to their customers. In addition to the distribution system, the Company expanded sales and market access efforts that resulted in FC2 now being available through the following access points: community based organizations, by prescription, utilizing the telemedicine  HeyDoctor   App, through 340B covered entities, college and universities and our patient assistance program. We continue to increase healthcare provider awareness, education and acceptance which has resulted in more women utilizing FC2 in the US. We believe that the initial results from these efforts support the US market opportunity and that we will continue to see increased utilization of FC2.    

Details of the quarterly unit sales   of FC2   for the last five fiscal years are   as follows  : 

Revenues  .    The Company's revenues are primarily derived from sales of FC2 in the public sector and are recognized upon shipment of the product to its customers. Other revenues include the sales from FC2 into the prescription channel in the US and sales of PREBOOST; however these sales were not material to our fiscal 2017 results.    

The Company is working to further develop a global market and distribution network for FC2 by maintaining relationships with public health sector groups and completing partnership arrangements with companies with the necessary marketing and financial resources and local market expertise. 

The Company s most significant customers   have been   either global public health sector agencies or those who facilitate their purchases and/or distribution of FC2 for use in HIV/AIDS prevention and/or family planning.    USAID accounted for   44   percent of unit sales in fiscal   2017  ,    24   percent of unit sales in fiscal   2016  , and   16 percent   of unit sales in fiscal   2015  .  UNFPA accounted for   25   percent of unit sales in fiscal   2017  ,    25   percent of unit sales in fiscal   2016  , and   18   percent of unit sales in fiscal   2015  .    Semina accounted for 27 percent of unit sales in fiscal 2016 and 47 percent of unit sales in fiscal 2015.    No other single customer accounted   for more than 10 percent of unit sales in fiscal   2017, 2016, or 2015  .  We sell to the Brazil Ministry of Health either   through UNFPA or Semina.  In the U.S., FC2 is sold to city and state public health clinics as well as to not-for-profit organizations such as Planned Parenthood. 

Because the Company manufactures FC2 in a leased facility located in Malaysia, a portion of the Company's operating costs are denominated in foreign currencies. While a material portion of the Company's future sales are likely to be in foreign markets, all sales are denominated in the U.S. dollar. Effective October 1, 2009, the Company s U.K. and Malaysia subsidiaries adopted the U.S. dollar as their functional currency, further reducing the Company s foreign currency risk.       

Expenses  .    The Company manufactures FC2 at its facility located in Selangor D.E., Malaysia.  The Company's cost of sales consists primarily of direct material costs, direct labor costs and indirect production and distribution costs.  Direct material costs include raw materials used to make FC2, principally a nitrile polymer.  Indirect production costs include logistics, quality control and maintenance expenses, as well as costs for electricity and other utilities.  All of the key components for the manufacture of FC2 are essentially available from either multiple sources or multiple locations within a source.       

On   April   1, 2015, a tariff exemption in Brazil for condoms was eliminated subjecting all shipments of FC2 clearing customs in Brazil on or after that date to a tariff.  The Company agreed to share 50 percent of these tariff costs with Semina and recognized the expense as the units were shipped. 

44   

Fiscal Year   Ended   September   30, 2017   Compared to Fiscal Year Ended   September   30, 2016 

Results of Operations  . The   Company had net revenues of $  13,655,592   and net   loss   of   $  6,612,047  ,   or $     (0.25)   per diluted share, in fiscal   2017  , compared to net revenues of $  22,127,342   and net income of $  344,725  , or $  0.01   per   diluted share, in   fiscal   2016  .  Net   revenues   decreased    $  8,471,750  , or   38   percent, in fiscal   201  7   compared   to   the   prior fiscal year  .    The Company s fiscal   2017   unit sales were 15.7 million units, or   37   percent,   lower   than fiscal   2016  .  The decrease in unit sales and net revenues is primarily due to 11.5 million units shipped during fiscal 2016 under the 2014 Brazilian tender, with no comparable sales in the fiscal 2017   period  . 

Cost of sales   decreased     $  2,141,778  , or   24   percent,   to $  6,636,080   in fiscal   201  7   from $  8,777,858   in fiscal   201  6  , and cost per unit increased 20 percent from $0.21 per unit in fiscal   2016   to $0.25 per unit in fiscal   2017  .   The reduction in cost of sales is due to the lower unit sales, reduction of certain costs, and the favorable impact of currency exchange rates.  The increase in cost per unit was most heavily impacted by reduced unit sales, which results in higher per-unit allocations of fixed overhead   costs. 

Gross profit   decreased    $  6,329,972  , or   47   percent, to $  7,019,512   in fiscal   201  7   from $  13,349,484   in fiscal   201  6  . Gross profit as a percentage of net revenues   de  creased to   51   percent in fiscal   201  7   from   60   percent in fiscal   201  6  .    The decrease in the gross profit margin is primarily due to higher cost of sales on a   per-  unit basis as noted above. 

Overall,   total operating expenses increased $5,182,652, or 50 percent, to $15,513,624 in fiscal   201  7 from $10,330,972 in fiscal   201  6. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses increased $2,358,917, or 27 percent, to $11,019,091 in fiscal   201  7 from $8,660,174 in fiscal   201  6.    The increase was a result of   $1.2   million   in costs related to additional headcount from the APP Acquisition, $1.2   million   related to the prescription launch of FC2 in the US which includes additional personnel and other selling and marketing costs, and $1.3   million   related to increased administrative costs such as litigation fees  , investor relations, and general office costs. The increases are net of   a reduction in   expenses of $1.5 million related to   marketing and management fees   incurred   for   fiscal 2016, deliveries on   the   Brazil   tender,   and lower business development costs.   No diversification expenses were incurred in fiscal 2017 compared to $548,077 of diversification expenses in fiscal 2016  .    

Business acquisition expenses   decreased    $  546,758  , or   37   percent, to $  935,781   in fiscal   2017   from $  1,482,539   in fiscal   2016  .  These expenses represent costs related to the APP Acquisition. 

Research and development expenses   increased    $  3,405,089   to $  3,504,482   in fiscal   2017   from $  99,393   in fiscal   2016  .    Research and development expenses were primarily due to development of Tamsulosin DRS as well as the advancement of other drug candidates.       

The Company's operating   loss was $  8,494,112     in fiscal   201  7 compared to operating income of $3,018,512 in fiscal   201  6 due to   the factors noted above.      

Income tax benefit was $1,990,443 in fiscal 2017 compared to income tax expense of $2,469,191 in fiscal 2016.  The effective tax rate for fiscal 2017 and 2016 was 23.1 percent and 87.7 percent, respectively.  The $1.9 million tax benefit in fiscal 2017 is primarily due to losses of $8.6 million generating a tax benefit of $3.1 million at a 40% effective US tax rate, net of $0.9 million related to a deemed dividend from Malaysia, $0.6 million reduction in UK deferred tax assets due to a 1% tax rate decrease from 18% to 17% on $60 million of net operating losses, and $0.5 million of disallowed acquisition expenses at 40%. The 87% effective rate in fiscal 2016 is due to the mix of tax jurisdictions in which the Company recognized income before income taxes, the non-deductible business acquisition expenses related to the APP Acquisition, and the reduction in the UK income tax rate from 20% to 18%.  The Company s net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards will be utilized to reduce cash payments for income taxes based on the statutory rate in effect at the time of such utilization.  Actual income taxes paid are reflected on the Company s consolidated statements of cash flows. 

Fiscal Year   Ended   September   30, 2016   Compared to Fiscal Year Ended   September   30, 2015 

Operating Highlights.     The Company had net revenues of $22,127,342 during fiscal 2016, compared to $32,604,865 in fiscal 2015. The Company s fiscal 2016 unit sales were 19 million units, or 31 percent, lower than fiscal 2015.  The decrease in unit sales and net revenues is primarily due to 28 million units shipped during fiscal 2015 under the 2014 Brazilian tender, versus 12 million units shipped during fiscal 2016.  The average sales price of FC2 decreased 1.4 percent in fiscal 2016 from fiscal 2015.  Effective April 1, 2016, the unit price has been reduced for major public sector purchasers. 

The Company used cash in operations of $1,714,358 in fiscal 2016 compared to $1,548,697 in fiscal 2015.   

The Company had net income of $344,725, or $0.01 per diluted share, in fiscal 2016 compared to net income of $4,346,036, or $0.15 per diluted share, in fiscal 2015. 

Results of Operations  . The Company had net revenues of $22,127,342 and net income of $344,725, or $0.01 per diluted share, in fiscal 2016, compared to net revenues of $32,604,865 and net income of $4,346,036, or $0.15 per diluted share, in fiscal 2015.  Net  

45   

revenues decreased $10,477,523, or 32 percent, in fiscal 2016 compared to the prior fiscal year.  The reduction in net revenues is due to the lower unit sales, change in sales mix, and public sector price adjustment. 

Cost of sales decreased $4,857,048, or 36 percent, to $8,777,858 in fiscal 2016 from $13,634,906 in fiscal 2015.  The reduction in cost of sales is due to the lower unit sales, reduction of certain costs, and the favorable impact of currency exchange rates. 

Gross profit decreased $5,620,475, or 30 percent, to $13,349,484 in fiscal 2016 from $18,969,959 in fiscal 2015. Gross profit as a percentage of net revenues increased to 60 percent in fiscal 2016 from 58 percent in fiscal 2015.  The increase in the gross profit margin is primarily due to the reduction of certain costs and the favorable impact of currency exchange rates on cost of sales. 

Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $3,471,563, or 29 percent, to $8,660,174 in fiscal 2016 from $12,131,737 in fiscal 2015.  The decrease was a result of a reduction in payments due to our Brazilian distributor for marketing and management fees for the 2014 tender, a reduction in employee compensation expense, a reduction in expenses related to a study regarding a potential FC2 consumer program in the U.S., and a reduction in diversification expenses.  The diversification expenses were $548,077 in fiscal 2016 compared to $709,462 in fiscal 2015.  

Business acquisition expense of $1,482,539 in fiscal 2016 represents costs related to the APP Acquisition. 

Research and development expenses decreased $120,422 to $99,393 in fiscal 2016 from $219,815 in fiscal 2015.     

Total operating expenses decreased $2,020,580 to $10,330,972 in fiscal 2016 from $12,351,552 in fiscal 2015.  

The Company's operating income decreased $3,599,895 to $3,018,512 in fiscal 2016 from $6,618,407 in fiscal 2015. The decrease is primarily due to decreased net revenues, partially offset by lower operating expenses and improved gross margins.  

The Company recorded non-operating expense of $204,596 in fiscal 2016 compared to non-operating income of $68,633 in fiscal 2015.  The impact of the foreign currency transactions was a loss of $147,540 in fiscal 2016 compared to a gain of $58,483 in fiscal 2015.    

Income tax expense increased $128,187 to $2,469,191 in fiscal 2016 compared to income tax expense of $2,341,004 in fiscal 2015.  The effective tax rate for fiscal 2016 and 2015 was 87.7 percent and 35.0 percent, respectively.  The increase in the effective tax rate is due to the mix of tax jurisdictions in which the Company recognized income before income taxes, the non-deductible business acquisition expenses related to the APP Acquisition, and the reduction in the UK income tax rate from 20% to 18%.  The Company s net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards will be utilized to reduce cash payments for income taxes based on the statutory rate in effect at the time of such utilization.  Actual income taxes paid are reflected on the Company s consolidated statements of cash flows.  In fiscal 2016 the Company recorded income tax expense of $2,469,191, while due to the use of NOL carryforwards the Company made cash payments of $352,856 for income taxes. 

Liquidity and Sources of Capital 

We   have   generally fund  ed   our operations and working capital needs through cash generated from operations.  Our operating activities   generated   cash   of $  1.0   million   in fiscal   2017  ,    used   cash of   $  1.7   million   in fiscal   2016  , and     used     cash of   $  1.5   million   in fiscal   2015  .    Accounts receivable and long-term other receivables decreased from $18.6 million at September 30, 2016 to $11.4 million at September 30, 2017.    Semina   s accounts receivable and long-term other receivables balance represents 78 percent of the Company s accounts receivable and long-term other receivables balance at September 30, 2017.  Semina normally pays upon payment from the Brazilian Government; however due to economic issues in Brazil the government has been slower in paying vendors.  In addition, total current liabilities increased $2.  1   million, primarily due to $1.0 million of unearned revenue related to prescription sales of FC2, and timing related to the recurring vendor payments. 

On December 27, 2017, we entered into a settlement agreement with Semina pursuant to which Semina has made a payment of $2.25 million and is obligated to make a second payment of $1.5 million by February 28, 2018, to settle net amounts due to us totaling $7.5 million relating to outstanding receivables for sales to Semina for the 2014 Brazil Tender.  The settlement is not related to our belief in the ultimate collectability of the receivables or in the creditworthiness of Semina.  We elected to settle these amounts due to uncertainty regarding the timing of payment by the Brazilian Government and, ultimately to us, on the remaining amounts due.  In connection with the settlement agreement with Semina, on December 27, 2017, the Company's management concluded that a material impairment charge of $3.75 million will be required to the receivables for sales to Semina relating to the 2014 Brazil Tender, which will be reflected in our results for the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2017. 

At September 30, 2017, the Company had working capital of $4.8 million and stockholders' equity of $48.5 million compared to working capital of $12.9 million and stockholders' equity of $33.9 million as of September 30, 2016. 

46   

In connection with the Company's acquisition of intellectual property rights associated with Solifenacin DRG and Tadalafil/ Finasteride combination capsules, the Company will be obligated to make upfront payments totaling $500,000 by March 2018, as well as future installment payments and milestone payments. 

The Company's Credit Agreement with BMO Harris Bank N.A. will expire on December 29, 2017 and will not be renewed.  No amounts were outstanding under the Credit Agreement at September 30, 2017 and none will be outstanding when the Credit Agreement expires. 

As described in more detail in Item  9B below, on December 29, 2017, the Company entered into a common stock purchase agreement (Purchase Agreement) with Aspire Capital Fund, LLC, an Illinois limited liability company (Aspire Capital) which provides that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations set forth therein, the Company has the right, from time to time and in its sole discretion during the 36-month term of the Purchase Agreement, to direct Aspire Capital to purchase up to $15.0 million of the Company s common stock in the aggregate.  Other than 304,457 shares of common stock issued to Aspire Capital in consideration for entering into the Purchase Agreement, the Company has no obligation to sell any shares of common stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and the timing and amount of any such sales are in the Company's sole discretion subject to the conditions and terms set forth in the Purchase Agreement. 

The Company believes that its current cash position and its ability to secure other financing alternatives to equity financing   are expected to be   adequate to fund operations of the Company for the next 12 months. Such financing alternatives may include debt financing, convertible debt or other equity-linked securities, under the Company's current registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-221120). The Company s intention is to be opportunistic when pursuing equity financing which could include selling equity under the Aspire Capital Purchase and/or a marketed deal through an investment bank.        See Item 1A., "Risk Factors - Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Capital" for a description of certain risks relating to our ability to raise capital on acceptable terms. 

As of   December   6, 2017, the Company had approximately $1.6   million   in cash, net trade accounts receivable of $17.6   million   and current trade accounts payable of $0.8   million  .        Presently, the Company has no required debt service obligations.    

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and use assumptions that affect certain reported amounts and disclosures. Critical accounting estimates include the deferred income tax valuation allowance. Actual results may differ from those estimates. 

The Company files separate income tax returns for its foreign subsidiaries. ASC Topic 740 requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns.  Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial statements and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets are also provided for carryforwards for income tax purposes. In addition, the amount of any future tax benefits is reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent such benefits are not expected to be realized. 

The Company accounts for income taxes using the liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets or liabilities for the tax-effected temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and for net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. 

The Company completes a detailed analysis of its deferred income tax valuation allowance on an annual basis or more frequently if information comes to our attention that would indicate that a revision to its estimates is necessary.  In evaluating the Company s ability to realize its deferred tax assets, management considers all available positive and negative evidence on a country by country basis, including past operating results and forecast of future taxable income.  In determining future taxable income, management makes assumptions to forecast U.S. federal and state, U.K. and Malaysia operating income, the reversal of temporary differences, and the implementation of any feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. These assumptions require significant judgment regarding the forecasts of the future taxable income in each tax jurisdiction, and are consistent with the forecasts used to manage the Company s business. It should be noted that the Company realized significant losses through 2005 on a consolidated basis. Since fiscal 2006, the Company has consistently generated taxable income on a consolidated basis, providing a reasonable future period in which the Company can reasonably expect to generate taxable income. In management s analysis to determine the amount of the deferred tax asset to recognize, management projected future taxable income for each tax jurisdiction. 

Although management uses the best information available, it is reasonably possible that the estimates used by the Company will be materially different from the actual results. These differences could have a material effect on the Company's future results of operations and financial condition.  

47   

Our effective tax rates have differed from the statutory rate primarily due to the tax impact of   foreign operations, state taxes   and reversal of the valuation allowance against the NOL carryforwards. Our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in countries where we have higher statutory rates, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, or changes in tax laws, regulations, and accounting principles. In addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the IRS and other tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. 

Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices 

Although the Company cannot accurately determine the precise effect of inflation, the Company has experienced increased costs of product, supplies, salaries and benefits, and increased general and administrative expenses. The Company has, where possible, increased selling prices to offset such increases in costs. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

The Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K. 

48   

Item 7A  . Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

The Company's exposure to market risk is limited to fluctuations in raw material commodity prices, particularly the nitrile polymer used to manufacture FC2, and foreign currency exchange rate risk associated with the Company's foreign operations.  The Company does not utilize financial instruments for trading purposes or to hedge risk and holds no derivative financial instruments which would expose it to significant market risk.  Effective   October   1, 2009, the Company's U.K. subsidiary and Malaysia subsidiary each adopted the U.S. dollar as its functional currency.  The consistent use of the U.S. dollar as the functional currency across the Company reduces its foreign currency risk and stabilizes its operating results.  The Company s distributors are subject to exchange rate risk as their orders are denominated in U.S. dollars and they generally sell to their customers in the local country currency.  If currency fluctuations have a material impact on a distributor it may ask the Company for pricing concessions or other financial accommodations.  The Company currently has no significant exposure to interest rate risk.  The Company ha  d   a line of credit with BMO Harris Bank, consisting of a revolving note for up to $10   million  .    The line of credit expired on December 29, 2017. 

Item 8  . Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  

The response to this item is submitted in a separate section of this report. See  Index to Consolidated Financial Statements  for a list of the financial statements being filed herein. 

Item 9  . Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.  

None.  

Item 9A  . Controls and Procedures  

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the   supervision and with the participation of   our   Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,   our management evaluated   the effectiveness of the design and operation of   our   disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in   Rule   13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act  ), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the  Evaluation Date ).   Based   upon that   evaluation,   our   Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that  , as of   the   Evaluation Date, our   disclosure controls and procedures   are   effective   to ensure   that   information   required to   be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our   Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer  , as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure  . 

Change in Internal Controls 

There   were   no   changes   in   Veru s   internal control over financial reporting during the   year to which this report relates that have   materially affected, or   are   reasonably likely to materially affect   Veru's   internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. As required by Rule 13a-15(c) under the Exchange Act, our management has carried out an evaluation, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the last fiscal year. The framework on which such evaluation was based is contained in the report entitled  Internal Control-Integrated Framework  issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the  COSO Report ) in 2013. 

Our system of internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.   Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Based on its assessment, management has concluded that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2017, based on criteria in  Internal Control - Integrated Framework  issued by the COSO in 2013. 

49   

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Not required as a smaller reporting company. 

Item 9B  . Other Information 

Disclosure Pursuant to Item 1.01 of Form 8-K - Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 

On December 29, 2017, the Company entered into the Purchase Agreement with Aspire Capital which provides that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations set forth therein, the Company has the right, from time to time in its sole discretion during the 36-month term of the Purchase Agreement, to direct Aspire Capital to purchase up to $15.0 million of the Company s common stock in the aggregate.  Concurrently with entering into the Purchase Agreement, the Company also entered into a registration rights agreement with Aspire Capital (the Registration Rights Agreement), in which the Company agreed to prepare and file under the Securities Act and under its current registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-221120), if needed, one or more registration statements, as permissible and necessary, for the sale or potential sale of the shares of the Company s common stock that have been and may be issued to Aspire Capital under the Purchase Agreement. 

Under the Purchase Agreement, on any trading day selected by the Company, the Company has the right, in its sole discretion, to present Aspire Capital with a purchase notice (each, a Purchase Notice), directing Aspire Capital (as principal) to purchase up to 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock per business day, up to $15.0  million of the Company s common stock in the aggregate at a per share price (the "Purchase Price") equal to the lesser of the lowest sale price of the Company s common stock on the purchase date or the average of the three lowest closing sale prices for the Company s common stock during the ten consecutive trading days ending on the trading day immediately preceding the purchase date. 

In addition, on any date on which the Company submits a Purchase Notice to Aspire Capital in an amount equal to 200,000 shares and the closing sale price of our common stock is equal to or greater than $0.50 per share, the Company also has the right, in its sole discretion, to present Aspire Capital with a volume-weighted average price purchase notice (each, a VWAP Purchase Notice) directing Aspire Capital to purchase an amount of common stock equal to up to 30% of the aggregate shares of the common stock traded on its principal market on the next trading day (the VWAP Purchase Date), subject to a maximum number of shares the Company may determine.  The purchase price per share pursuant to such VWAP Purchase Notice is generally 97% of the volume-weighted average price for the Company s common stock traded on its principal market on the VWAP Purchase Date. 

The Purchase Price will be adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, or other similar transaction occurring during the period(s) used to compute the Purchase Price. The Company may deliver multiple Purchase Notices and VWAP Purchase Notices to Aspire Capital from time to time during the term of the Purchase Agreement, so long as the most recent purchase has been completed. 

The Purchase Agreement provides that the Company and Aspire Capital shall not effect any sales under the Purchase Agreement on any purchase date where the closing sale price of the Company s common stock is less than $0.25 per share.  There are no trading volume requirements or restrictions under the Purchase Agreement, and the Company will control the timing and amount of sales of the Company s common stock to Aspire Capital.  Aspire Capital has no right to require any sales by the Company, but is obligated to make purchases from the Company as directed by the Company in accordance with the Purchase Agreement.  There are no limitations on use of proceeds, financial or business covenants, restrictions on future fundings, rights of first refusal, participation rights, penalties or liquidated damages in the Purchase Agreement.  In consideration for entering into the Purchase Agreement, concurrently with the execution of the Purchase Agreement, the Company issued to Aspire Capital 304,457 shares of the Company s common stock.  The Purchase Agreement may be terminated by the Company at any time, in its discretion, without any cost to the Company. Aspire Capital has agreed that neither it nor any of its agents, representatives and affiliates shall engage in any direct or indirect short-selling or hedging of the Company s common stock during any time prior to the termination of the Purchase Agreement. Any proceeds   that   the Company receives under the Purchase Agreem  ent are expected to be used for   working capital and general corporate purposes, which may include research and development, clinical trial and marketing expenditures. 

The foregoing is a summary description of certain terms of the Purchase Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement and, by its nature, is incomplete.  Copies of the Purchase Agreement and Registration Rights Agreement are filed herewith as Exhibits 10.33 and 10.34, respectively, to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by reference.  All readers are encouraged to read the entire text of the Purchase Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement.  

The Company is filing the opinion of its counsel, Reinhart Boerner Van Deuren s.c., relating to the legality of the shares of common stock offered and sold pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, as Exhibit 5.1 hereto. 

50   

PART III  

Item 10.   Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Information with respect to this item is incorporated herein by reference to the discussion under the headings  Proposal 1: Election of Directors,   Executive Officers,   Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance,   Corporate Governance Matters-Director Nominations  and  Audit Committee Matters   Audit Committee Financial Expert  in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC on or before   January   29  , 201  8.  Information regarding the Company s Code of Business Ethics is incorporated herein by reference to the discussion under  Corporate Governance Matters  Code of Business Ethics  in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC on or before   January   29  , 201  8.  

The Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors is an  audit committee  for purposes of Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  The members of the Audit Committee are Jesus Socorro (Chairperson), Elgar Peerschke and Georges Makhoul. 

Item 11  . Executive Compensation  

Information with respect to this item is incorporated herein by reference to the discussion under the headings  Director Compensation and Benefits,  and  Executive Compensation  in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC on or before   January   29, 2018. 

Item 12. Securit    y Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

Information with respect to this item is incorporated herein by reference to the discussion under the headings  Security Ownership  and  Equity Compensation Plan Information  in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC on or before   January   29  , 2018  . 

Item 13. Certain Re    lationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Information with respect to this item is incorporated herein by reference to the discussion under the heading  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions  in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC on or before   January   29  , 2018  .  Information regarding director independence is incorporated by reference to the discussion under  Corporate Governance Matters   Director Independence  in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC on or before   January   29  , 2018  . 

Item 14. Princi    pal Accountant Fees and Services. 

Information with respect to this item is incorporated herein by reference to the discussion under the heading  Audit Committee Matters   Fees of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC on or before   January   29  , 2018  .   

51   

PART IV 

Item 15  . Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a)  The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

1.    Financial Statements 

The following consolidated financial statements of the Company are included in Item 8 of this report:   

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   

2.    Financial Statement Schedules 

All schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are not required under the related instructions, are inapplicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto, and therefore, have been omitted. 

52   

3.                 Exhibits  

2.1  

Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of   October   31, 2016, among the Company, Blue Hen Acquisition, Inc. and APP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (File No. 1-13602) filed with the SEC on   November   2, 2016).   

3.1  

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Form SB-2 Registration Statement (File No. 333-89273) filed with the SEC on   October   19, 1999).   

3.2  

Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company increasing the number of authorized shares of common stock to 27,000,000 shares (incorporated by reference to the Company's Form SB-2 Registration Statement (File No. 333-46314) filed with the SEC on   September   21, 2000).   

3.3  

Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company increasing the number of authorized shares of common stock to 35,500,000 shares (incorporated by reference to the Company's Form SB-2 Registration Statement (File No. 333-99285) filed with the SEC on   September   6, 2002).   

3.4  

Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company increasing the number of authorized shares of common stock to 38,500,000 shares (incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-QSB (File No. 1-13602) filed with the SEC on   May   15, 2003).   

3.5  

Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company designating the terms and preferences for the Class A Preferred Stock   Series 3 (incorporated by reference to the Company's Form 10-QSB (File No. 1-13602) filed with the SEC on   May   17, 2004).   

3.6  

Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company designating the terms and preferences for the Class A Preferred Stock   Series 4 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (File No. 1-13602) filed with the SEC on   November   2, 2016).      

3.7  

Articles of Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation increasing the number of authorized shares of common stock to 77,000,000 shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (File No. 1-13602) filed with the SEC on   August   1, 2017).   

3.8  

Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (File No. 1-13602) filed with the SEC on   May   22, 2013).      

4.1  

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended (same as Exhibits    3.1   ,     3.2   ,     3.3   ,     3.4   ,     3.5   ,     3.6    and    3.7   ).  

4.2  

Articles II, VII and XI of the Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company (included in Exhibit 3.8).   

5.1  

Opinion of Reinhart Boerner Van Deuren s.c.   

10.1  

Form of Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of   October   31, 2016, between the Company and each of Mitchell S. Steiner M.D., Harry Fisch, M.D. and K H Fisch Family Partners LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (File No. 1-13602) filed with the SEC on   November   2, 2016).   

10.2  

Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of   October   31, 2016, among the Company and the former stockholders of APP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 8-K (File No. 1-13602) filed with the SEC on   November   2, 2016).   

10.3  

Escrow Agreement, dated as of   October   31, 2016, among the Company, O.B. Parrish, David R. Bethune and Mary Margaret Frank, Ph.D., acting as the committee representing the interests of the Company, Mitchell S. Steiner, M.D., in his capacity as nominee for the stockholders of the Company identified on Exhibit A thereto, and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as escrow agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Form 8-K (File No. 1-13602) filed with the SEC on   November   2, 2016).   

10.4  

Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, dated   October   31, 2016, issued by the Company to Torreya Capital, a division of Financial West Investment Group (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Form 8-K (File No. 1-13602) filed with the SEC on   November   2, 2016).   

53   

54   

55   

10  1  

The following materials from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2017, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders  Equity, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.   

___________ 

*Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 

The response to this portion of Item 15 is submitted as a separate section of this report. 

(c)  Financial Statement Schedules 

56   

SIGN    ATU  RES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  

Date:    December   29,   2017  

VERU INC.  

BY:  

/s/ Mitchell Steiner  

Mitchell Steiner, President and  

Chief Executive Officer  

BY:  

/s/ Daniel Haines  

Daniel Haines, Chief Financial Officer   

POWER OF A    TTORNEY  

Each person whose signature appears below hereby appoints   Mitchell Steiner   and   Daniel Haines  , and each of them individually, his true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with power to act with or without the other and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, in any and all capacities, to sign any or all amendments to the Form 10-K and file the same with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or their substitutes, may lawfully cause to be done by virtue hereof.  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated.  

Signature   

Title   

Date   

/s/ Mitchell Steiner  

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director  

December   29  ,   2017  

Mitchell Steiner  

(Principal Executive Officer)  

/s/ Daniel Haines  

Chief Financial Officer  

December   29  ,   2017  

Daniel Haines  

(Principal Accounting and Financial Officer)  

/s/ Elgar Peerschke  

Chairman of the Board  

December   27  ,   2017  

Elgar Peerschke   

/s/ O.B. Parrish  

Vice Chairman of the Board  

December   29  ,   2017  

O.B. Parrish   

/s/ David R. Bethune  

Director   

December   29  ,   2017  

David R. Bethune  

/s/ Mario Eisenberger  

Director  

December   26  ,   2017  

Mario Eisenberger   

/s/ Harry Fisch  

Director  

December   24  ,   2017  

Harry Fisch   

/s/   Mary Margaret Frank  

Director  

December   29  ,   2017  

Mary Margaret Frank   

/s/ Lucy Lu  

Director  

December   29  ,   2017  

Lucy Lu   

/s/ Georges Makhoul  

Director  

December   29  ,   2017  

Georges Makhoul   

/s/   Jesus Socorro  

Director  

December   29  ,   2017  

Jesus Socorro   

57   

Veru Inc. 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F-    1   

Report of Independent Registered Public     Accounting   Firm 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

Veru Inc. 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Veru Inc. (for  mer  ly known as The Female Health Company) as of   September   30, 2017 and 2016, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders  equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended   September   30, 2017. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Veru Inc. (form  er  ly known as The Female Health Company) as of   September   30, 2017 and 2016, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended   September   30, 2017, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.  

/s/ RSM US LLP 

Chicago, Illinois 

December   29, 2017 

F-    2   

VERU INC. 

CONSOLIDATED   BALANCE SHEETS 

SEPTEMBER   30,   2017   AND   2016 

F-    3   

VERU INC. 

CONSOLIDATED   STATEMENTS OF   OPERATIONS 

YEARS   ENDED   SEPTEMBER   30,   201  7  ,    201  6  ,    AND   201  5 

F-    4   

VERU INC.    

CONSOLIDATED   STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  

YEARS ENDED   SEPTEMBER 2017,   201  6  ,    AND   201  5 

F-    5   

VERU INC.    

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  

YEARS   ENDED   SEPTEMBER 2017,   201  6  ,    AND   201  5 

F-    6   

VERU INC.    

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS  EQUITY  

YEARS   ENDED   SEPTEMBER 2017,   201  6  ,    AND   201  5 

F-    7   

VERU INC.    

CONSOLIDATED   STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

YEARS   ENDED   SEPTEMBER   30,   2017,   201  6  ,    AND   201  5 

F-    8   

Note 1.        Nat    ure of Business and Significant Accounting Policies 

Principles of consolidation and nature of operations  :    The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Veru and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Aspen Park Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (APP) and The Female Health Company Limited, and The Female Health Company Limited s wholly owned subsidiaries, The Female Health Company (UK) plc and The Female Health Company (M) SDN.BHD. All significant intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation. Prior to the completion of the acquisition (the APP Acquisition) of APP through the merger of a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company into APP, the Company had been a single product company engaged in marketing, manufacturing and distributing a consumer health care product, the FC2 female condom.  The Female Health Company Limited, is the holding company of The Female Health Company (UK) plc, which is located in London, England (collectively the U.K. subsidiary). The Female Health Company (M) SDN.BHD leases a manufacturing facility located in Selangor D.E., Malaysia (the Malaysia subsidiary).  The Company headquarters is located in Miami, Florida in a leased office facility.    

FC2 has been distributed in either or both commercial (private sector) and public health sector markets in   144   countries.  It is marketed to consumers through distributors, public health programs and retailers in   16   countries.  

The Company's standard credit terms vary from   30   to   120   days, depending on the class of trade and customary terms within a territory, so accounts receivable is affected by the mix of purchasers within the period.  As is typical in the Company's business, extended credit terms may occasionally be offered as a sales promotion or for certain sales.  The Company has agreed to credit terms of up to   150   days with our distributor in the Republic of South Africa.  For the most recent order of   15   million   units under the Brazil tender, the Company has agreed to up to   360   day credit terms with our distributor in Brazil subject to earlier payment upon receipt of payment by the distributor from the Brazilian Government.  For the past twelve months, the Company's average days  sales outstanding was approximately   377   days.  The balance in the allowance for doubtful accounts was $38,000 at both   September   30, 2017 and   September   30, 2016. 

Use of estimates  :  The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and use assumptions that affect certain reported amounts and disclosures. Significant accounting estimates include the deferred income tax valuation allowance and the value of share-based compensation. Actual results may differ from those estimates.  

Cash concentration  : The Company s cash is maintained primarily in   three   financial institutions, located in Chicago, Illinois, London, England and Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, respectively. 

Accounts receivable and concentration of credit risk  :  Accounts receivable are carried at original invoice amount less an estimate made for doubtful receivables based on a review of all outstanding amounts on a periodic basis.  The components of accounts receivable consist of the following at   September   30, 2017 and 2016  : 

The Company has long-term trade receivables that may not be collectable within one year of the balance sheet date based on the credit terms with our Brazil distributor. 

The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments on accounts receivable.  Management determines the allowance for doubtful accounts by identifying troubled accounts and by using historical experience applied to an aging of accounts.  Management also periodically evaluates individual customer receivables and considers a customer s financial condition, credit history, and the current economic conditions.  Accounts receivable are written-off when deemed uncollectible.  The table below sets forth the components of the allowance for doubtful accounts for the years ended   September   30: 

F-    9   

Recoveries of accounts receivable previously written-off are recorded when received.  The Company s customers are primarily large global agencies, non-government organizations, ministries of health and other governmental agencies which purchase and distribute the female condom for use in HIV/AIDS prevention and family planning programs.  In fiscal year 2017, our significant customers were  the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA).  In fiscal year 2016 and fiscal year 2015, our significant customers were Semina Ind stria e Com rcio Ltda (Semina), UNFPA, and USAID.  No other single customer accounted for more than 10 percent of unit sales during those periods.   

_____________________ 

* Less than   10   percent of unit sales. 

Semina s current accounts receivable balance represented   11   percent and   44   percent of current assets at   September   30, 2017 and 2016, respectively.  No other single customer s accounts receivable balance accounted for more than   10   percent of current assets at the end of those periods.  Semina s total accounts receivable balance represented   78   percent and   85   percent of trade receivables at   September   30, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 

Inventory  :  Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market.  The cost is determined using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method.  Inventories are also written down for management s estimates of product which will not sell prior to its expiration date.  Write-downs of inventories establish a new cost basis which is not increased for future increases in the market value of inventories or changes in estimated obsolescence. 

Foreign currency translation and operations  : Effective   October   1, 2009, the Company determined that there were significant changes in facts and circumstances, triggering an evaluation of its subsidiaries  functional currency.  The evaluation indicated that the U.S. dollar is the currency with the most significant influence upon the subsidiaries.  Because all of the U.K. subsidiary's future sales and cash flows would be denominated in U.S. dollars following the   October 200  9 cessation of production of the Company s first generation product, FC1, the U.K. subsidiary adopted the U.S. dollar as its functional currency effective   October   1, 2009. As the Malaysia subsidiary is a direct and integral component of the U.K. parent s operations, it, too, adopted the U.S. dollar as its functional currency as of   October   1, 2009. The consistent use of the U.S. dollar as functional currency across the Company reduces its foreign currency risk and stabilizes its operating results. The Company recognized a foreign currency transaction loss of $  61,835  , a foreign currency transaction loss of $  147,540  , and a foreign currency transaction gain of $  58,483   for the years ended   September   30, 2017, 2016, and 2015  , respectively. The cumulative foreign currency translation loss included in accumulated other comprehensive loss was   $581,519   as of   September   30, 2017 and 2016  . Assets located outside of the U.S. totaled approximately   $5,600,000   and   $5,500,000   at   September   30, 2017 and 2016  , respectively. 

Equipment, furniture and fixtures  :  Depreciation and amortization are computed using primarily the straight-line method.  Depreciation and amortization are computed over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets which range as follows: 

Manufacturing equipment  

5       10   years  

Office equipment  

3       5   years  

Furniture and fixtures  

7       10   years  

Depreciation on leased assets is computed over the lesser of the remaining lease term or the estimated useful lives of the assets.  Depreciation on leased assets is included with depreciation on owned assets. 

Patents and trademarks  :   The costs for patents and trademarks are expensed when incurred.  FC2 patents have been issued by the United States, Europe, Canada, Australia, South Africa, the People s Republic of China, Japan, Mexico, Brazil, India and the African Regional Intellectual Property Organization (ARIPO), which includes Botswana, Gambia, Ghana, Kenya, Lesotho, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, Sierra Leone, Sudan, Swaziland, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.  Further, the European patent for FC2 has been validated in the following countries: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Switzerland, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Germany, Denmark, Estonia, Spain, Finland, France, United Kingdom, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Monaco, Netherlands, Portugal, Romania, Sweden, Slovenia, Slovakia, and Turkey.  The patents cover the key aspects of FC2, including its overall design and manufacturing process.  The patents have expiration dates in 2023 and 2024. 

The Company has a registration for the trademark  FC2 Female Condom  in the United States.  Furthermore, the Company has filed applications or secured registrations in   40   countries or jurisdictions around the world to protect the various names and symbols used in  

F-    10   

marketing its Female Condoms.  In addition, the experience that has been gained through years of manufacturing its Female Condoms (FC1 and FC2) has allowed the Company to develop trade secrets and know-how, including certain proprietary production technologies, which further protect its competitive position. 

Financial instruments  :    The Company follows ASC Topic 820,   Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures  , which defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. The fair value framework requires the categorization of assets and liabilities into three levels based upon the assumptions (inputs) used to price the assets or liabilities. Level 1 provides the most reliable measure of fair value, whereas Level 3 generally requires significant management judgment. 

The Company currently does not have any assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring or non-recurring basis     as of   September   30, 2017. The Company did value the assets and liabilities assumed as part of the APP Acquisition. See Note 2 for additional detail  .   

Substantially all of the Company s cash, as well as restricted cash, are held in demand deposits with three financial institutions. The Company has no financial instruments for which the carrying value is materially different than fair value. 

Research and development costs  :  The Company records estimated costs of research and development activities conducted by third-party service providers, which include the conduct of preclinical studies and clinical trials and contract manufacturing activities. These costs are a significant component of the Company s research and development expenses. The Company accrues for these costs based on factors such as estimates of the work completed and in accordance with agreements established with its third-party service providers under the service agreements. The Company makes significant judgments and estimates in determining the accrued liabilities balance in each reporting period. As actual costs become known, the Company adjusts its accrued liabilities. The Company has not experienced any material differences between accrued costs and actual costs incurred. However, the status and timing of actual services performed, number of patients enrolled and the rate of patient enrollments may vary from the Company s estimates, resulting in adjustments to expense in future periods. Changes in these estimates that result in material changes to the Company s accruals could materially affect the Company s results of operations.  Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. The amount of costs expensed for the years ended   September   30, 2017, 2016, and 2015   were   $3.5   million  ,    $99,393  , and   $219,815  , respectively.  

Restricted cash  :  Restricted cash relates to security provided to one of the Company s U.K. banks for performance bonds issued in favor of customers. The Company has a facility of   $250,000   for such performance bonds.  Such security has been extended infrequently and only on occasions where it has been a contract term expressly stipulated as an absolute requirement by the customer or its provider of funds. The expiration of the bond is defined by the completion of the event such as, but not limited to, a period of time after the product has been distributed or expiration of the product shelf life.  Restricted cash was $  138,725   and $  134,443   for the years ended   September   30, 2017 and 2016  , respectively, and is included in cash on the accompanying balance sheets.  

Revenue recognition  :  The Company recognizes revenue from product sales when each of the following conditions has been met: an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, there is a fixed price, and collectability is reasonably assured.   

Unearned revenue  :    FC2 is distributed in   the U.S. prescription channel principally through the retail pharmacy, which initiates through large pharmaceutical wholesalers in the U.S.  Unearned revenue as of September 30, 2017 was $  1,014,517   and was comprised mainly of sales   made to wholesalers. We lack the experiential data which would allow us to estimate returns; therefore, as of   September   30, 2017, we have determined that we do not yet meet the criteria for the recognition of revenue at the time of shipment to wholesalers as allowances for returns cannot be reasonably estimated. Accordingly, the Company deferred recognition of revenue on prescription products sold to wholesale distributors until the right of return no longer exists, which occurs at the earlier of the time the prescription products were dispensed through patient prescriptions or expiration of the right of return.       

Intangible Assets  :    We acquired our   intangible assets  , net,   in the APP Acquisition on October 31, 2016   which   account for $  20.8   million at     September 30, 2017  .   

Assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations, licensing and other transactions are generally recognized at the date of acquisition at their respective fair values. Any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net assets acquired is recognized as goodwill. We determined the fair value of intangible assets, including IPR D using the  income method.  This method starts with a forecast of net cash flows, risk adjusted for estimated probabilities of technical and regulatory success and adjusted to present value using an appropriate discount rate that reflects the risk associated with the cash flow streams. All assets are valued from a market participant view which might be different than our specific views. The valuation process is very complex and requires significant input and judgment using internal and external sources. Although a valuation is required to be finalized within a one-year period, it must consider all and only those facts and evidence which existed at the acquisition date. The most complex and judgmental matters applicable to the valuation process are summarized below: 

Unit of account   Most intangible assets are valued as single global assets rather than multiple assets for each jurisdiction or indication after considering the development stage, expected levels of incremental costs to obtain additional approvals, risks  

F-    11   

associated with further development, amount and timing of benefits expected to be derived in the future, expected patent lives in various jurisdictions and the intention to promote the asset as a global brand.      

Estimated useful life   The asset life expected to contribute meaningful cash flows is determined after considering all pertinent matters associated with the asset, including expected regulatory approval dates (if unapproved), exclusivity periods and other legal, regulatory or contractual provisions as well as the effects of any obsolescence, demand, competition, and other economic factors, including barriers to entry.      

Probability of Technical and Regulatory Success ( PTRS ) Rate   PTRS rates are determined based upon industry averages considering the respective program s development stage and disease indication and adjusted for specific information or data known at the acquisition date. Subsequent clinical results or other internal or external data obtained could alter the PTRS rate and materially impact the estimated fair value of the intangible asset in subsequent periods leading to impairment charges.     

Projections   Future revenues are estimated after considering many factors such as initial market opportunity, pricing, sales trajectories to peak sales levels, competitive environment and product evolution. Future costs and expenses are estimated after considering historical market trends, market participant synergies and the timing and level of additional development costs to obtain the initial or additional regulatory approvals, maintain or further enhance the product. We generally assume initial positive cash flows to commence shortly after the receipt of expected regulatory approvals which typically may not occur for a number of years. Actual cash flows attributed to the project are likely to be different than those assumed since projections are subjected to multiple factors including trial results and regulatory matters which could materially change the ultimate commercial success of the asset as well as significantly alter the costs to develop the respective asset into commercially viable products.     

Tax rates   The expected future income is tax effected using a market participant tax rate. In determining the tax rate, we consider the jurisdiction in which the intellectual property is held and location of research and manufacturing infrastructure. We also consider that any repatriation of earnings would likely have U.S. tax consequences.     

Discount rate   Discount rates are selected after considering the risks inherent in the future cash flows; the assessment of the asset s life cycle and the competitive trends impacting the asset, including consideration of any technical, legal, regulatory, or economic barriers to entry, as well as expected changes in standards of practice for indications addressed by the asset.     

Intangible assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable.    Intangible assets are carried at cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization is over the projected related revenue stream for the PREBOOST  developed technology over the next   10   years and   7   years for the covenants not-to-compete, and the amortization expense is recorded in operating expenses.  

Intangible assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable, although IPR D is required to be tested at least annually until the project is completed or abandoned. Upon obtaining regulatory approval, the IPR D asset is then accounted for as a finite-lived intangible asset and amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life. If the project is abandoned, the IPR D asset is charged to expense. 

Intangible assets are highly vulnerable to impairment charges, particularly newly acquired assets for recently launched products. These assets are initially measured at fair value and therefore any reduction in expectations used in the valuations could potentially lead to impairment. Some of the more common potential risks leading to impairment include competition, earlier than expected loss of exclusivity, pricing pressures, adverse regulatory changes or clinical trial results, delay or failure to obtain regulatory approval and additional development costs, inability to achieve expected synergies, higher operating costs, changes in tax laws and other macro-economic changes. The complexity in estimating the fair value of intangible assets in connection with an impairment test is similar to the initial valuation. 

Considering the high risk nature of research and development and the industry s success rate of bringing developmental compounds to market, in-process research and development ( IPR D ) impairment charges are likely to occur in future periods. IPR D is closely monitored and assessed each period for impairment.  

We amortize intangible assets with definite lives on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, ranging from   7   to   10   years. We use the straight-line method of amortization as there is no reliably determinable pattern in which the economic benefits of our intangible assets are consumed or otherwise used up. Since intangible assets were acquired in October 31, 2016 there is no amortization expense for 2016.  Amortization expense was $147,009 at September 30, 2017. 

Goodwill  :    Goodwill represents the difference between the purchase price and the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired accounted for by the acquisition method of accounting and arose from the APP Acquisition.  The Company has two reporting units which are the Commercial reporting unit and the Research and Development reporting unit.  All goodwill resides in the Company s Research and Development reporting unit. 

Goodwill was $6.9 million and   zero   at September 30, 2017 and 2016. Goodwill is tested at least annually for impairment or when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable, by assessing qualitative  

F-    12   

factors or performing a quantitative analysis in determining whether it is more likely than not that its fair value exceeds the carrying value. Examples of qualitative factors include our share price, our financial performance compared to budgets, long-term financial plans, macroeconomic, industry and market conditions as well as the substantial excess of fair value over the carrying value of net assets from the annual impairment test previously performed.  

The estimated fair value of a reporting unit is highly sensitive to changes in projections and assumptions; therefore, in some instances changes in these assumptions could potentially lead to impairment. We perform sensitivity analyses around our assumptions in order to assess the reasonableness of the assumptions and the results of our testing. Ultimately, future potential changes in these assumptions may impact the estimated fair value of a reporting unit and cause the fair value of the reporting unit to be below its carrying value. We believe that our estimates are consistent with assumptions that marketplace participants would use in their estimates of fair value; however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions, we may be exposed to an impairment charge that could be material. 

Share-based compensation  : The Company accounts for stock-based compensation expense for equity awards exchanged for services over the vesting period based on the grant-date fair value. In many instances, the equity awards are issued upon the grant date subject to vesting periods. In certain instances, the equity awards provide for future issuance contingent on future continued employment or performance of services as of the issuance date. 

Advertising  :  The Company's policy is to expense advertising costs as incurred. Advertising costs were $  54,270  ,    $88,866  , and   $0   for the years ended   September   30, 2017, 2016, and 2015  , respectively.   

Income taxes  :  The Company files separate income tax returns for its foreign subsidiaries. ASC Topic 740 requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns.  Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial statements and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets are also provided for carryforwards for income tax purposes. In addition, the amount of any future tax benefits is reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent such benefits are not expected to be realized. 

Earnings per share (EPS)  :  Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period after giving effect to all dilutive potential common shares that were outstanding during the period. Dilutive potential common shares consist of the incremental common shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options and unvested shares granted to employees and directors.  

Other comprehensive income  :  Accounting principles generally require that recognized revenue, expenses, gains and losses be included in net income.  Although certain changes in assets and liabilities, such as foreign currency translation adjustments, are reported as a separate component of the equity section of the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, these items, along with net income, are components of comprehensive income. 

The U.S. parent company and its U.K. subsidiary routinely purchase inventory produced by its Malaysia subsidiary for sale to their respective customers. These intercompany trade accounts are eliminated in consolidation. The Company s policy and intent is to settle the intercompany trade account on a current basis.  Since the U.K. and Malaysia subsidiaries adopted the U.S. dollar as their functional currencies effective   October   1, 2009,   no   foreign currency gains or losses from intercompany trade are recognized.  In fiscal   2017, 2016, and 2015  , comprehensive income is equivalent to the reported net income.        

Recently issued accounting pronouncements  :  In   May 201  4, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09  Revenue from Contracts with Customers  (Topic 606).  This new accounting guidance on revenue recognition provides for a single five-step model to be applied to all revenue contracts with customers.  The new standard also requires additional financial statement disclosures that will enable users to understand the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows relating to customer contracts.  ASU 2014-09 will be effective for the Company beginning on   October   1, 2018.  We are currently evaluating the impact of the new guidance on our consolidated financial statements and have not yet selected a transition approach to implement the standard. 

In   July 201  5, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11, Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory.  This new accounting guidance more clearly articulates the requirements for the measurement and disclosure of inventory.  Topic 330, Inventory, currently requires an entity to measure inventory at the lower of cost or market.  Market could be replacement cost, net realizable value, or net realizable value less an approximately normal profit margin.  This new accounting guidance requires the measurement of inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value.  ASU 2015-11 will be effective for the Company beginning on   October   1, 2017.  The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

In   November 201  5, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update 2015-17, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes, which requires deferred tax liabilities and assets to be classified as non-current in the consolidated balance sheet.  Current accounting principles require an entity to separate deferred income tax liabilities  

F-    13   

and assets into current and non-current amounts in a classified statement of financial position.  ASU 2015-17 will be effective for the Company beginning on   October   1, 2017.  Early adoption of the standard is permitted, and the Company adopted this standard during the quarter ended   December   31, 2016 and applied it to all periods presented.  Adoption of this standard resulted in presenting current and prior period deferred tax assets and liabilities as non-current and net of one another on the balance sheet.  These non-current deferred tax assets and liabilities are netted by tax jurisdiction.   

In   February 201  6, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842).  The amendments in this Update increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements.  ASU 2016-02 will be effective for the Company beginning on   October   1, 2019.  We are currently evaluating the impact of the new guidance on our consolidated financial statements and have not yet selected a transition approach to implement the standard. 

In   March 201  6, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation   Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.  The amendments in this Update simplify the income tax effects, minimum statutory tax withholding requirements and impact of forfeitures related to how share-based payments are accounted for and presented in the financial statements.  ASU 2016-09 will be effective for the Company beginning on   October   1, 2017.  We are currently evaluating the impact of the new guidance on our consolidated financial statements and have not yet selected a transition approach to implement the standard. 

In   November 201  6, the FASB issued ASC Update No. 2016-18,   Statement of Cash Flows   (Topic 230)  : Restricted Cash.   The purpose of Update No. 2016-18 is to clar  ify guidance and presentation related to restricted cash in the statements of cash flows as well as increased disclosure requirements. It requires beginning-of-period and end-of-period total amounts shown on the statements of cash flows to include cash and cash equivalents as well as restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents  . Update No. 2016-18 is effective for annual periods beginning after   December   15, 2017, including interim reporting periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted. We are in the process of determining the effect the adoption will have on our consolidated statements of cash flows. 

In   January 201  7, the FASB issued ASC Update No. 2017-04,   Intangibles - Goodwill and Other Topics   (Topic 350)  : Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment  . The purpose of Update No. 2017-04 is to reduce the cost and complexity of evaluating goodwill for impairment. It eliminates the need for entities to calculate the impaired fair value of goodwill by assigning the fair value of a reporting unit to all of its assets and liabilities as if that reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination. Under this amendment, an entity will perform its goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. An impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the reporting unit's fair value.   We do not expect   Update No. 2017-04   to   have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations. 

In   January 201  7, the FASB issued ASC Update No. 2017-01,   Business Combinations   (Topic 805)  : Clarifying the Definition of a Business  . The purpose of Update No. 2017-01 is to change the definition of a business to assist entities with evaluating when a set of transferred assets and activities is a business. Update No. 2017-01 is effective for annual periods beginning after   December   15, 2017, including interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an annual or interim period for which financial statements have not been issued or made available for issuance. The adoption of Update No. 2017-01 is not expected to have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations. 

In   May 201  7, the FASB issued ASC Update No. 2017-09,   Compensation - Stock Compensation   (Topic 718)  : Scope of Modification Accounting  . The purpose of Update No. 2017-09 is to provide guidance about which changes to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to apply modification accounting. Update No. 2017-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after   December   15, 2017, including interim periods within those annual periods. Early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an annual or interim period for which financial statements have not been issued or made available for issuance. The adoption of Update No. 2017-09 is not expected to have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations. 

Out-of-Period Adjustment  :   Included in the results of operations for the year ended   September   30, 2017 are out-of-period adjustments which represent corrections of prior-period errors relating to the accounting for foreign tax credits from our Malaysian subsidiary. During the fourth fiscal quarter of 2017, the Company determined that   a deferred tax asset for the foreign tax credit associated with a deemed dividend was appropriately recorded, however the rate used to record the asset was incorrect resulting in an understateme  n  t of income tax expense.     The out-of-period impact of the error recorded was approximately   $440,000   related to the year ended   September   30, 2016. The correction of these errors was not material to the year ended   September   30, 2017 or any of the prior interim or annual periods  . 

Note 2.         APP   Acquisition    

On   October   31, 2016  , as part of the Company's strategy to diversify its product line to mitigate the risks of being a single product company, the Company completed its acquisition of APP through the APP Acquisition. The completion of the APP Acquisition transitioned us from a single product company selling only the FC2 Female Condom  to a biopharmaceutical company with multiple drug products under clinical development and commercialization.  

F-    14   

The APP Acquisition was pursuant to an Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of   October   31, 2016, (the Amended Merger Agreement), among the Company, APP, and the Company s wholly owned subsidiary Blue Hen Acquisition, Inc. (APP Merger Sub). Pursuant to the Amended Merger Agreement, on   October   31, 2016, APP became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company through the merger of APP Merger Sub with and into APP with APP continuing as the surviving corporation. Consummation of the APP Acquisition did not require the current approval of the Company s shareholders. 

Under the terms of the Amended Merger Agreement, pursuant to the APP Acquisition, the outstanding shares of APP common stock and preferred stock were converted into the right to receive in the aggregate   2,000,000   shares of the Company s common stock and   546,756   shares of Series 4 Preferred Stock. 

The terms of the Series 4 Preferred Stock include the following: 

Each share of Series 4 Preferred Stock will automatically convert into   40   shares of the Company's common stock upon receipt by the Company of approval by the affirmative vote of the Company's shareholders by the required vote under the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law and the NASDAQ listing rules, as applicable, of (i) an amendment to the Company's Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation to increase the total number of authorized shares of the Company's common stock by a sufficient amount to permit such conversion and (ii) the conversion of the Series 4 Preferred Stock pursuant to applicable NASDAQ rules.     

Upon a Liquidation Event, the holders of the Series 4 Preferred Stock will be entitled to a liquidation preference equal to the greater of (a)   $1.00   per share (or   $546,756   in the aggregate for all of the shares of Series 4 Preferred Stock), or (b) the amount holders would have received if the Series 4 Preferred Stock had converted to the Company's common stock.  A "Liquidation Event" includes any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company and certain transactions involving an acquisition of the Company (which are referred to as Fundamental Changes).     

The Series 4 Preferred Stock is redeemable on the first to occur of (i) the 20th anniversary of the date of original issuance or (ii) a Fundamental Change, at a price equal to $1.00 per share, unless converted into the Company's common stock prior to such redemption.     

The Series 4 Preferred Stock is senior to all existing and future classes of the Company's capital stock upon a Liquidation Event, and no senior or additional pari passu preferred stock may be issued without the consent of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series 4 Preferred Stock.     

The Series 4 Preferred Stock participates in dividends paid to holders of the Company's common stock on an as converted basis.     

The Series 4 Preferred Stock has one vote per share and will generally vote with the Company's common stock on a one share to one share basis.     

On   July   28, 2017, the Company held a Special Meeting at which the Company s stockholders approved, among other proposals, an increase in the number of authorized shares of common stock from   38,500,000   to   77,000,000   and approval of the issuance of common stock upon conversion of the Series 4 Preferred Stock   pursuant to the NASDAQ Listing Rules.        The outstanding shares of Series 4 Preferred Stock automatically converted into shares of the Company s common stock effective   July   31, 2017.    In addition, the Stock Appreciation Rights and Restricted Stock Units described in Note   7   have been reclassified to the equity section of the balance sheet, as the Company now has available authorized shares to settle these awards. 

Each of Harry Fisch, M.D., Karen Fisch, K H Fisch Family Partners, LLC and Mitchell Steiner, M.D., has entered into an Amended and Restated Lock-Up Agreement (the Lock-Up Agreements) with the Company which generally prohibits each such holder from transferring   75%   of the shares of the Company s common stock and Series 4 Preferred Stock the holder is entitled to receive in the APP Acquisition for a period of   18   months following the closing of the APP Acquisition. 

The shares of the Company s common stock and Series 4 Preferred Stock that are subject to the Lock-Up Agreements are being held in escrow for a period of   one  -year following the closing of the APP Acquisition as the sole remedy for APP s indemnification obligations set forth in the Amended Merger Agreement pursuant to the terms of an Escrow Agreement.   Seventy-five   percent of the shares held in escrow are eligible for release from escrow   six   months after the closing of the APP Acquisition, although any shares released from escrow will remain subject to the Lock-Up Agreements until the end of their term. 

In connection with the APP Acquisition, the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the RRA) with the former APP stockholders granting them certain  Demand  and  Piggyback  registration rights for a period of up to   5   years. The Company will pay for the expenses of registration and related costs but not the selling expenses related thereto. The Company is only required to use its best efforts and in the event the registration does not occur, the Company is not required to pay any compensation to the former APP stockholders. The Company has evaluated the RAA under ASC 825-20, Registration Payment Arrangements, and determined accounting recognition is not required. 

F-    15   

A summary of the total purchase consideration on   October   31, 2016 is as follows: 

The total purchase price of approximately $19,807,980 is based on the issuance to the APP stockholders of a total of 2,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock and 546,756 shares of Series 4 Preferred Stock.  The common stock issued was valued based on the share price of the Company s common stock on   October   31, 2016 less an   8   percent discount on the shares subject to the Lock-Up Agreements, due to the lack of liquidity since the shares are not freely tradeable for a set time period.  The Series 4 Preferred Stock were valued using an as-converted basis based on the share price of the Company s common stock on   October   31, 2016 less a   12   percent discount on approximately   49   percent   of the preferred shares that are subject to an   18   month lockup agreement and a   6   percent discount on the remaining preferred shares. The discount is applied since the preferred shares are not registered and inherently difficult to sell prior to the conversion to common stock.  The valuation of the Series 4 Preferred Stock also applied a   95   percent probability that the preferred stock would convert to common stock rather than be redeemed, which was assigned a   5   percent probability.  After giving effect to the conversion of the Series 4 Preferred Stock to common stock, the Company issued a total of   23,870,240   shares of the Company s common stock to the former APP stockholders, constituting approximately   45   percent   of   the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock as of   October   31, 2016. 

The value of the Series 4 Preferred Stock was initially classified on the Mezzanine section of the balance sheet because the potential conversion to common stock was considered substantive and, as long as the conversion feature exists, the Series 4 Preferred Stock is not considered mandatorily redeemable. Also, since the increase in authorized shares required to convert the Series 4 Preferred Stock to common stock is outside the control of the Company and, therefore, the settlement for cash is outside the control of the Company, the Series 4 was classified as temporary equity outside of the permanent equity section in the mezzanine section between liabilities and permanent equity until sufficient common stock is authorized or until the expiration of the maturity date. 

Upon issuance on   October   31, 2016, the value of the Series 4 Preferred Stock, on a per share basis, was less than the fair value of the Company s common stock into which it would be converted, thus creating a beneficial conversion feature.  

The   contingent beneficial conversion feature was measured upon issuance, but was not recognized until the contingency was resolved. In this case, the conversion of the Series 4 Preferred Stock was based on the Company obtaining shareholder approval for the authorization of the additional shares of common stock. On   July   28, 2017, the Company obtained shareholder approval for the increase in authorized common stock and the Series 4 automatically converted to common stock. As such, $2.0   million   was recognized as a dividend to the Series 4 Preferred Stock.  

The results of operations and the estimated fair values of the acquired assets and liabilities assumed have been included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements since the acquisition date.  

The Company incurred   $935,781   in acquisition-related costs which were recorded within operating expenses for the fiscal year ended   September   30, 2017, compared to   $1,482,539   for the fiscal year ended   September   30, 2016. 

F-    16   

The following table summarizes the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed on   October   31, 2016: 

APP has a developed technology in PREBOOST     . In-process research and development represents incomplete research and development projects at APP. The fair value of the developed technology and in-process research and development were determined using the income approach, which was prepared based on forecasts by management. 

Purchase price in excess of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill.  Goodwill from the APP acquisition principally relates to intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition (for instance, APP s assembled workforce), our expectation to develop and market new products, and the deferred tax liability generated as a result of the transaction.  Goodwill is not tax deductible for income tax purposes and was assigned to the Research   Development reporting segment. 

The weighted average amortization periods for intangible assets recognized in the APP acquisition are   10   years for the developed technology,   7   years for covenants not-to-compete.   Our IPR D assets will not be amortized until the underlying development programs are completed. Upon obtaining regulatory approval, the IPR D assets are then accounted for as finite-lived intangible assets and amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life. 

Net loss in the Consolidated Statement of   Operations   for the year ended   September   30, 2017 includes expense from APP from the date of acquisition to   September   30, 2017 of   $3.  2   million  . Revenues from APP were not material to our financial results. 

Pro Forma Financial Information 

The amounts of pro forma, unaudited net revenues and net (loss) income of the combined entity had the acquisition date been   October   1, 2015 are as   follows: 

The unaudited pro forma financial information is presented for information purposes only. The unaudited pro forma financial information may not necessarily reflect our future results of operations or what the results of operations would have been had we owned and operated APP as of the beginning of the period presented. 

In connection with the APP   Acquisition  , a consolidated complaint has been filed against the Company and its directors alleging breach of fiduciary duty. The Company intends to vigorously defend this lawsuit.    See Note 11 for additional detail. 

F-    17   

Note 3.           Inventory 

The components of inventory consist of the following at   September   30, 2017 and 2016  : 

The change in the inventory reserve for the years ended   September   30 is as follows: 

Note   4  .    Income Taxes  

The Company accounts for income taxes using the liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets or liabilities for the tax-effected temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and for net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. 

The Company completes a detailed analysis of its deferred income tax valuation allowance on an annual basis or more frequently if information comes to our attention that would indicate that a revision to its estimates is necessary.  In evaluating the Company s ability to realize its deferred tax assets, management considers all available positive and negative evidence on a country by country basis, including past operating results and forecast of future taxable income.  In determining future taxable income, management makes assumptions to forecast U.S. federal and state, U.K. and Malaysia operating income, the reversal of temporary differences, and the implementation of any feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. These assumptions require significant judgment regarding the forecasts of the future taxable income in each tax jurisdiction, and are consistent with the forecasts used to manage the Company s business. It should be noted that the Company realized significant losses through 2005 on a consolidated basis. Since fiscal year 2006, the Company has consistently generated taxable income on a consolidated basis, providing a reasonable future period in which the Company can reasonably expect to generate taxable income. In management s analysis to determine the amount of the deferred tax asset to recognize, management projected future taxable income for each tax jurisdiction. 

Although management uses the best information available, it is reasonably possible that th  e estimates used by the Company will be materially different from the actual results. These differences could have a material effect on the Company's future results of operations and financial condition.  

Income before income taxes was taxed by the following jurisdictions for the years ended   September   30, 2017, 2016, and 2015  :   

F-    18   

A reconciliation of income tax expense and the amount computed by applying the statutory Federal income tax rate to income before income taxes for the years ended   September   30, 2017, 2016, and 2015   is as follows: 

As of   September   30, 2017  , the Company had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $  12,100,000   and $  15,351,000  , respectively, for income tax purposes expiring in years   202  2   to   203  7  .    The Company's U.K. subsidiary has U.K. net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $  62,223,000   as of   September   30, 2017  , which can be carried forward indefinitely to be used to offset future U.K. taxable income.  

The federal and state income tax   (benefit)   expense for the years ended   September   30, 2017, 2016, and 2015   is summarized below:  

F-    19   

Significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows at   September   30, 2017 and 2016  : 

The deferred tax amounts have been classified in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at   September   30 as follows: 

The change in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for the years ended   September   30 is as follows: 

The valuation allowance   decreased   by $  155,000  , $  276,000  , and $  16,000   for the years ended   September   30, 2017, 2016, and 2015  , respectively. Under the Internal Revenue Code, certain ownership changes, including the prior issuance of preferred stock, the public offering of common stock and the exercise of common stock warrants and options may subject the Company to annual limitations on the utilization of its net operating loss carryforward.   Under the Inland Revenue statutes, certain triggering events may subject the Company to limitations on the utilization of its net operating loss carryforward in the U.K. As of   September   30, 2017  , management does not believe any limitations have occurred.        As of   September   30, 2017, the U.K. has a valuation allowance of $2,144,000. 

ASC Topic 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. ASC Topic 740 developed a two-step process to evaluate a tax position and also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and transition. The Company has not recorded a reserve for any tax positions for which the ultimate deductibility is highly certain but for which there is uncertainty about the timing of such deductibility.   

F-    20   

The Company files tax returns in all appropriate jurisdictions, including foreign, U.S. Federal and Illinois and Virginia State tax returns.  The following summarizes open tax years in the relevant jurisdictions: 

For the U.K., a   tax return   may be audited within   1   year from   the later of: the filing date or the filing deadline (  1   year after the end of the accounting period).   T  he U.K. open tax year is for 2016, which expires in 2018.     

The fiscal year   2017   tax returns for each jurisdiction have not been filed as of the date of this filing.  As of   September   30, 2017 and 2016  , the Company has   no   recorded liability for unrecognized tax benefits. 

The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as income tax expense as incurred.    No   expense for interest and penalties was recognized for the years ended   September   30, 2017, 2016, and 2015  . 

Note 5.           Goodwill and Intangible Assets 

Goodwill 

The gross carrying amount of goodwill is as follows: 

Intangible assets 

The gross carrying amounts and net book value of intangible assets are as follows at   September   30, 2017: 

Intangible assets are carried at cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization is   over the projected related reve  nue stream for the PREBOOST  developed technology over the next   10   years and   7   years for the covenants not-to-compete, and the amortization expense is recorded in operating expenses.  

Amortization expense was $  147,009   for   the year   ended   September   30, 2017. Based on finite-lived intangible assets recorded as of   September   30, 2017, the estimated future amortization expense is as follows: 

F-    21   

Note   6  .           Revolving Line of Credit 

On   December   29, 2015, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement) with BMO Harris Bank N.A. (BMO Harris Bank).  The Credit Agreement provides the Company with a revolving line of credit of up to   $10   million   with a term that extends to   December   29, 2017  .  Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest, at the Company s option, at a base rate or at LIBOR plus   2.25%  .  The Company is also required to pay a commitment fee at the rate of   0.10%   per annum on the average daily unused portion of the revolving line of credit.  The Company's obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by a lien against substantially all of the assets of the Company and a pledge of   65%   of the outstanding shares of The Female Health Company Limited and all of the outstanding shares of APP.  In addition to other customary representations, covenants and default provisions, the Company is required to maintain a minimum tangible net worth and to not exceed a maximum total leverage ratio.  Among the non-financial covenants, the Company is restricted in its ability to pay dividends, buy back shares of its common stock, incur additional debt and make acquisitions above certain amounts.   

The completion of the APP Acquisition (see   Note 2, APP   Acquisition) resulted in a default in the Company's compliance with certain covenants in the Credit Agreement and constituted an "event of default" under the Credit Agreement. 

On   November   28, 2016, the Company, Badger Acquisition Sub, Inc., wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, APP and BMO Harris Bank entered into a Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement (the Amendment).  Pursuant to the Amendment, BMO Harris Bank waived the defaults in the Company's compliance with the covenants in the Credit Agreement as a result of the completion of the APP Acquisition and APP became a co-borrower under the Credit Agreement.  As a result, the revolving line of credit remains in effect under the terms of the Credit Agreement until the end of its term on   December   29, 2017.       

No   amounts were outstanding under the Credit Agreement at   September   30, 2017   and 2016  .   

Note 7.           Equity and Share-based Payments 

In   July 201  7, the Company s shareholders approved the Company's 2017 Equity Incentive Plan.  A total of   4.7   million   shares are available for issuance under the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan.   As of   September   30, 2017  , a total of   2,913,305   shares   had been granted under the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan and not forfeited or are subject to outstanding commitments to issue shares under the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, of which   2,533,305   shares were in the form of stock options,   190,000   shares were in the form of stock appreciation rights and   190,000   shares were in the form of restricted stock units.  The 2017 Equity Incentive Plan replaced the Company's 2008 Stock Incentive Plan, and   no   further awards will be made under the 2008 Stock Incentive Plan  . 

Stock Option  s   

The following table outlines the weighted average assumptions for options granted during the year ended   September   30, 2017  : 

During the year ended   September   30, 2017  , the Company used historical volatility of our common stock over a period equal to the expected life of the options to estimate their fair value.  The dividend yield assumption is based on the Company s history and expectation of future dividend payouts on the common stock.  The risk-free interest rate is based on the implied yield available on U.S. treasury zero-coupon issues with an equivalent remaining term.  

The expected term of the options represents the estimated period of time until exercise and is based on the simplified method.  To value options granted for actual stock-based compensation, the Company used the Black-Scholes option valuation model.  When the measurement date is certain, the fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant and is based on the assumptions used for the expected stock price volatility, expected term, risk-free interest rates and future dividend payments. 

F-    22   

Stock Options 

The following table summarizes the stock options outstanding and exercisable at   September   30, 2017  : 

No   stock options were exercised during the years ended   September   30, 2017,   September   30, 2016, or 2015.  During the year ended   September   30, 2017, stock option holders forfeited   90,000   stock options. 

The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above is before income taxes, based on the Company s closing stock price of $  2.65   on the   last day of business for the period ended   September   30, 2017.  As of   September   30, 2017, the Company had unrecognized compensation expense of $  1.6   million   related to unvested stock options. These expenses will be recognized over approximately   3   years. 

Restricted Stock    

The Company issues restricted stock to employees, directors and consultants. Such issuances may have vesting periods that range from   one   to   three   years. In addition, the Company has issued stock awards to certain employees and directors that provide for future issuance contingent on continued employment or performance of services for periods that range from   one   to   three   years. 

F-    23   

A summary of the non-vested stock     activity for fiscal years   2017, 2016, and 2015   is summarized in the table below: 

The Company granted a total of   190,000  ,    101,250   and   293,500   shares of restricted stock or shares issuable pursuant to promises to issue shares of common stock during the years ended   September   30, 2017, 2016, and 2015  , respectively.      The fair value of the awards granted was approximately $  181,000  , $  153,000   and $  499,000   for the years ended   September   30, 2017, 2016, and 2015  , respectively.  All such shares of restricted stock vest and all such shares must be issued pursuant to the vesting period noted, provided the grantee has not voluntarily terminated service or been terminated for cause prior to the vesting or issuance date.  There were   26,500  ,    27,666   and   58,250   shares of restricted stock forfeited   or elected to be taken in cash   during the years ended   September   30, 2017, 2016, and 2015  , respectively.   

The Company recognized the fair value of the restricted stock or promises to issue shares of common stock that vested during the fiscal year as share-based compensation expense of approximately $  209,000  , $  495,000   and $  437,000   for the years ended   September   30, 2017, 2016, and 2015  , respectively,   $0  , $  29,000   and $  23,000   of which was included in accrued expenses at year end related   to   shares   that had   not yet been issued at   September   30, 2017, 2016, and 2015  , respectively.  The share-based compensation expense was included in selling, general and administrative expenses for the respective periods.   The Company recorded a tax benefit for stock-based compensation expenses of approximately $  115,000  ,    $114,000  , and $  204,000   for the years ended   September   30, 2017, 2016, and 2015  , respectively.  The Company realized the tax benefit for stock-based compensation expenses, for the shares which vested, of   approximately   $141,000  ,    $190,000   and   $0   for   the years ended   September   30, 2017, 2016, and 2015  , respectively.  As of   September   30, 2017  , there was approximately $  23,000   of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested restricted stock compensation arrangements granted under the incentive plans. This unrecognized cost will be recognized over the weighted average period of the next   0.50   years. 

Common Stock Purchase Warrants 

In connection with the closing of the APP   Acquisition  , the Company issued a warrant to purchase up to   2,585,379   shares of the Company's common stock to Torreya Capital, the Company's financial advisor (the Financial Advisor Warrant).  The Financial Advisor Warrant has a   five  -year term, a cashless exercise feature and a strike price equal to   $1.93   per share, the average price of the Company's common stock for the ten-day period preceding the original announcement of the APP   Acquisition   on   April   6, 2016. The fair value of the Financial Advisor Warrant is based on the closing price of the Company's common stock on   October   31, 2016 of   $0.95  . The fair value of the Financial Advisor Warrant of   $542,930   was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model assuming expected volatility of   47.2   percent, risk-free interest rate of   1.31   percent, expected life of   five   years, and   no   dividend yield. The Financial Advisor Warrant vested upon issuance. Half of the shares subject to the Financial Advisor Warrant, or   1,292,690   shares, are locked-up for a period of   18   months from the issuance date. The Financial Advisor Warrant is recorded as a component of additional paid-in-capital and the   related   expense is included in operating expenses for the year ended   September   30, 2017. 

Restricted Stock Units 

In connection with the closing of the APP   Acquisition  , the Company issued   50,000   and   140,000   restricted stock units to an employee and an outside director, respectively, that vest on   October 31, 2018  . The restricted stock units will be settled in the Company s common stock if, prior to the vesting date, the Company receives shareholder approval under NASDAQ Rule 5635(c) to increase the number of authorized shares under the 2008 Stock Incentive Plan sufficient to issue such shares or adopt a new plan under which such shares would be issued. With the approval of the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan by shareholders on   July   28, 2017, such restricted stock units will be settled in common stock issued under the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan.   The restricted stock units were revalued using the Company s current stock price on July 28, 2017 and reclassified to the equity section of the balance sheet  . 

F-    24   

Stock Appreciation Rights 

In connection with the closing of the APP Acquisition, the Company issued stock appreciation rights based on   50,000   and   140,000   shares of the Company s common stock to an employee and an outside director, respectively, that vest on   October   31, 2018. The stock appreciations rights have a   ten  -year term and an exercise price per share was   $0.95  , which was the closing price of a share of the Company s common stock as quoted on NASDAQ on the trading day immediately preceding the date of the completion of the APP Acquisition. The stock appreciation rights will be settled in the Company s common stock if, prior to the exercise date, the Company receives shareholder approval under NASDAQ Rule 5635(c) to increase the number of authorized shares under the 2008 Stock Incentive Plan sufficient to issue such shares or adopt a new plan under which such shares would be issued. With the approval of the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan by shareholders on   July   28, 2017, such stock appreciation rights will be settled in common stock issued under the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. The stock appreciation rights were measured using the option-pricing model (Black-Scholes) to estimate the fair value on   July   28, 2017 and reclassified to the equity section of the balance sheet  . 

Preferred Stock 

The Company has   5,000,000   shares designated as Class A Preferred Stock with a par value of   $.01   per share. There are   1,040,000   shares of Class A Preferred Stock - Series 1 authorized;   1,500,000   shares of Class A Preferred Stock- Series 2 authorized;   700,000   shares of Class A Preferred Stock - Series 3 authorized; and   548,000   shares of Class A Preferred Stock- Series 4 authorized. In connection with the completion of the APP Acquisition (see Note 2, APP Acquisition), a total of   546,756   shares of Series 4 Preferred Stock were issued to the former APP stockholders as of   October   31, 2016, and all of the outstanding shares of Series 4 Preferred automatically converted into shares of the Company s common stock effective   July   31, 2017.     There were no   other   shares of Class A Preferred Stock of any series   issued   and   outstanding   in fiscal   2017   or   2016  .  The Company has   15,000   shares designated as Class B Preferred Stock with a par value of   $0.50   per share. There were no shares of Class B Preferred Stock   issued   and   outstanding   in fiscal   2017   or   2016  . 

Note   8.           Industry Segments and Financial Information about Foreign and Domestic Operations 

The Company currently operates in   two   reportable segments:   Commercial   and   Research and Development  . There are no significant inter-segment sales. We evaluate the performance of each segment based on operating profit or loss. There is no inter-segment allocation of interest expense and income taxes. Our chief operating decision-maker (CODM) is Mitchell Steiner, M.D., our President and Chief Executive Officer.    

Information about the Company's operations by segment and geographic area is as follows (in   thousands  )  .    

All of our revenues are attributed to our Commercial operating segment. Amounts related to long-lived assets, depreciation and amortization, and income taxes are not reported as part of the operating segments or reviewed by the CODM. These amounts are included in Corporate in the reconciliations above.  

F-    25   

Note 9.           Employee Benefit Plan 

The Company has a Simple Individual Retirement Account (IRA) plan for its employees.  Employees are eligible to participate in the plan if their compensation reaches certain minimum levels and are allowed to contribute up to a maximum of   $15,500   annual compensation to the plan.  The Company has elected to match   100   percent of employee contributions to the plan up to a maximum of   3   percent of employee compensation for the years ended   September   30, 2017, 2016, and 2015  . Annual Company contributions were approximately   $  7  3,000  ,    $33,000  , and   $37,000   for the years ended   September   30, 2017, 2016, and 2015  , respectively.  

In   March 201  4, the Company elected to contribute   3   percent into the personal pension schemes of certain senior U.K. employees.  Contributions for the years ended   September   30, 2017, 2016, and 2015 were approximately   $2  2  ,000  ,    $23,000  , and   $26,000  , respectively. 

Note   10.           Operating Leases and Rental Expense 

The Company leases approximately   2,600   square feet of office space located in Miami, Florida. The Company executed the lease for this office space effective   October   31, 2016, for a   three   year term commencing on   November   1, 2016 and ending on   October 31, 2019  .  The lease requires escalating monthly payments ranging from   $9,240   to   $9,994  .  The Company has   two   renewal options to extend the term for a period of   three   years each.   

The Company leases approximately   6,600   square feet of office space located in Chicago, Illinois. On   May   11, 2016, the Company signed a new lease, effective   November   1, 2016, for this office space for a   seven   year period commencing on   November   1, 2016 and ending on   October 31, 2023  .  The lease grants the Company a   seven   month lease holiday beginning   November   1, 2016, a   five   month lease abatement beginning   June   1, 2017, and provides a tenant improvement allowance.  The lease requires escalating monthly payments ranging from   $5,833   to   $9,285  , plus real estate taxes, utilities and maintenance expenses from   June   1, 2017 to   October   31, 2023.  Based on the terms of the lease agreement, the Company was required to make a security deposit of   $55,000  .  Effective   August 201  7, the Company entered into a sublease for its office space in Chicago, Illinois.  The Company continues to be responsible for performance under the lease until it expires on   October   31, 2023. 

The Company leases   6,400   square feet of office space located in London, England. The lease expires in   June 202  0.  The lease requires quarterly payments of approximately   $13,500   through   December 201  1, quarterly payments of approximately   $27,000   from   January 201  2 through   June 201  5 and quarterly payments of approximately   $24,000   from   June 201  6 through   June 202  0.  Based on the terms of the lease agreement, the Company   made   a security deposit   of    $  59,000  . 

The Company leases   45,800   square feet of manufacturing space in Selangor D.E., Malaysia under a lease that requires monthly payments of approximately   $15,000   through   August 201  9 and may be renewed at the option of the Company for an additional   three   year term.   

The Company also leases equipment under a number of lease agreements which expire at various dates through   September 202  1.  Details of operating lease expense, including real estate taxes and insurance, for the years ended   September 30, 2017, 2016, and 2015   are as   follows: 

Future minimum payments under leases consist of the following as of   September 30, 2017  :   

The minimum lease payments presented above do not include CAM charges or real estate taxes due under the Company s office operating leases. These charges are generally not fixed and can fluctuate from year to year. 

F-    26   

Note 11.         Contingent Liabilities 

The testing, manufacturing and marketing of consumer products by the Company entail an inherent risk that product liability claims will be asserted against the Company.  The Company maintains product liability insurance coverage for claims arising from the use of its products.  The coverage amount is currently   $  10   million  . 

In connection with the APP Acquisition,   two   purported derivative and class action lawsuits were filed against the Company in the Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois, which were captioned Glotzer v. The Female Health Company, et al., Case No. 2016-CH-13815, and Schartz v. Parrish, et al., Case No. 2016-CH-14488.  On   January   9, 2017 these two lawsuits were consolidated.  On   March   31, 2017, the plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint.  The consolidated complaint named as defendants Veru, the members of our board of directors prior to the closing of the APP Acquisition and the members of our board of directors after the closing of the APP Acquisition.  The consolidated complaint alleges, among other things, that our directors breached their fiduciary duties, or aided and abetted such breaches, by consummating the APP Acquisition in violation of the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law and NASDAQ voting requirements and by causing us to issue the shares of our common stock and Series 4 Preferred Stock to the former stockholders of APP pursuant to the APP Acquisition in order to evade the voting requirements of the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law. The consolidated complaint also alleges that Mitchell S. Steiner, a director and the President and Chief Executive Officer of Veru and a co-founder of APP, and Harry Fisch, a director of Veru and a co-founder of APP, were unjustly enriched in receiving shares of our common stock and Series 4 Preferred Stock in the APP Acquisition.  Based on these allegations, the consolidated complaint seeks equitable relief, including rescission of the APP Acquisition, money damages, disgorgement of the shares of our common stock and Series 4 Preferred Stock issued to Dr. Steiner and Dr. Fisch, and costs and expenses of the litigation, including attorneys' fees.  On   May   5, 2017, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the consolidated complaint.  On   August   15, 2017, the court entered an order dismissing without prejudice the claims that the post-acquisition directors aided and abetted the alleged breaches of fiduciary duties by the pre-acquisition directors and that Dr. Steiner and Dr. Fisch were unjustly enriched.  The court did not dismiss the claims that the pre-acquisition directors breached their fiduciary duties and the claims that Veru consummated the APP Acquisition in violation of the Wisconsin Business Corporation Law and NASDAQ voting requirements, and the action is continuing as to those claims.  Veru believes that this action is without merit and is vigorously defending itself. 

Note   1  2.           Earnings per Share 

Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period.  Diluted EPS is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period after giving effect to all dilutive potential common shares that were outstanding during the period.  Dilutive potential common shares consist of the incremental common shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options and unvested shares granted to employees and directors  . 

Options to purchase approximately 2.7   million   shares of common stock at weighted average exercise prices of $1.  30   that were both outstanding for the year ended   September   30, 2017 were not included in the computation of diluted net income per share because their effect was anti-dilutive.    Options to purchase approximately 90,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $3.92 per share that were outstanding for the year ended   September   30, 2015 were not included in the computation of diluted net income per share because their effect was anti-dilutive.  All other outstanding stock options were included in the computation of diluted net income per share for the years ended   September   30, 2017, 2016, and 2015. 

F-    27   

Note 13.         Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)  

Note 14.         Subsequent Events 

On   December   22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the  Act ) was signed into United States tax law and included numerous provisions that will affect businesses. The Act, for instance, introduces changes that impact U.S. corporate tax rates, business-related exclusions, and deductions and credits. The Act will also have international tax consequences for many companies that operate internationally. The Act has widespread applicability and it will impact the carrying value of our U.S. deferred tax assets and liabilities.  The Company is currently assessing the impact of the Act and will provide an update in subsequent filings. 

On December 27, 2017, we entered into a settlement agreement with Semina, our distributor in Brazil, pursuant to which Semina has made a payment of   $2.25   million and is obligated to make a second payment of   $1.5   million by February 28, 2018, to settle net amounts due to us totaling   $7.5   million. The amounts owed to us relate to outstanding accounts receivable for sales to Semina for the 2014 Brazil Tender totaling $8.9 million, $7.8 million of which is classified as a long term trade receivable and $1.1 million as a current account receivable on our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2017. These receivables are net of payables owed to Semina by us totaling $1.4 million, $1.2 million of which is classified as long term liability and $0.2 million classified as current liability on our Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2017. The settlement is not related to our belief in the ultimate collectability of the receivables or in the creditworthiness of Semina. We elected to settle these amounts due to the uncertainty regarding the timing of payment by the Brazilian Government and, ultimately to us, on the remaining amounts due. The result of the settlement is a net loss of approximately   $3.75   million which will be reflected in our results for the fiscal q  uarter ending December 31, 2017  . 

On December 29, 2017, the Company entered into the Purchase Agreement with Aspire Capital which provides that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations set forth therein, the Company has the right, from time to time in its sole discretion during the   36  -month term of the Purchase Agreement, to direct Aspire Capital to purchase up to $15.0 million of the Company s common stock in the aggregate.  Concurrently with entering into the Purchase Agreement, the Company also entered into a registration rights agreement with Aspire Capital (the Registration Rights Agreement), in which the Company agreed to prepare and file under the Securities Act and under its current registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-221120), if needed, one or more registration statements, as permissible and necessary, for the sale or potential sale of the shares of the Company s common stock that have been and may be issued to Aspire Capital under the Purchase Agreement. 

Under the Purchase   A  greement, on any trading day selected by the Company, the Company has the right, in its sole discretion, to present Aspire Capital with a purchase notice (each, a Purchase Notice), directing Aspire Capital (as principal) to purchase up to 200,000 shares of the Company s common stock per business day, up to   $15.0   million   of the Company s common stock in the aggregate at a per share price (the "Purchase Price") equal to the lesser of the lowest sale price of the Company s common stock on the purchase date or the average of the three   lowest closing sale prices for the Company s common stock during the ten consecutive trading days ending on   the trading day immediately preceding the   purchase date. 

F-    28   

In addition, on any date on which the Company submits a Purchase Notice to Aspire Capital in an amount equal to   200,000   shares and the closing sale price of our common stock is equal to or greater than   $0.50   per share, the Company also has the right, in its sole discretion, to present Aspire Capital with a volume-weighted average price purchase notice (each, a VWAP Purchase Notice) directing Aspire Capital to purchase an amount of common stock equal to up to   30%   of the aggregate shares of the common stock traded on its principal market on the next trading day (the VWAP Purchase Date), subject to a maximum number of shares the Company may determine.  The purchase price per share pursuant to such VWAP Purchase Notice is generally   97%   of the volume-weighted average price for the Company s common stock traded on its principal market on the VWAP Purchase Date. 

F-    29   

<EX-5.1>
 2
 veru-20170930xex5_1.htm
 EX-5.1

Exhibit 51

December 29, 2017 

Veru Inc. 

4400 Biscayne Boulevard, Suite 888 

Miami, FL 33137 

Ladies and Gentlemen:     

We have acted as counsel for   Veru Inc.  , a   Wisconsin   corporation (the "Company"), in connection with the Registration Statement on Form S   3 (Registration No. 333-  22  1  120  ) (the "Registration Statement"), including the prospectus constituting a part thereof, dated   November 14  , 20  17  , as supplemented by the final prospectus supplement dated   December 29  , 20  17   (collectively, the "Prospectus"), filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), relating to the issuance and sale of   (i) 304,457   shares of the Company's Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share   (the "Common Stock) and (ii) up to an additional $15,000,000 of shares of Common Stock (collectively, the "Shares")  . 

In arriving at the opinion expressed below, we have examined (i) the Registration Statement, (ii) the Prospectus, (iii) the Company's Amended and Restated   Articles   of Incorporation, as amended, and Amended and Restated By-Laws, (iii) resolutions of the Company's Board of Directors relating to the authorization of the issuance of the Shares; and (iv) such other instruments and certificates of public officials and other persons as we have deemed appropriate.  In our examination, we have assumed the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals, the conformity to the original documents of all documents submitted to us as copies and the genuineness of all signatures on documents reviewed by us. 

Based upon the foregoing, and upon such further examination as we have deemed relevant and necessary, we are of the opinion that the Shares, when issued and paid for in the manner contemplated by the Registration Statement and the Prospectus, will be duly and validly issued, fully-paid and nonassessable. 

We express no opinion as to the applicability of, compliance with or effect of, the law  s   of any jurisdiction other than United States federal law   and the laws of the State of Wisconsin  . 

Veru Inc.     December 29, 2017 

Page    2 

We hereby consent to the deemed incorporation by reference of this opinion into the Registration Statement and to the references to our firm therein.  In giving our consent, we do not admit that we are "experts" within the meaning of Section 11 of the Securities Act or within the category of persons whose consent is required by Section 7 of the Securities Act. 

Yours very truly,  

REINHART     BOERNER     VAN     DEUREN s.c.  

BY  

/s/  Benjamin G. Lombard  

Benjamin G. Lombard  

38594089v2 

</EX-5.1>

<EX-10.18>
 3
 veru-20170930xex10_18.htm
 EX-10.18

Exhibit 1018

Exhibit 10.18 

VERU INC. 

NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION GRANT AGREEMENT 

(Grant No. _________) 

THIS NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION GRANT AGREEMENT dated as of __________ (the "Grant Date"), is between ___________ ("Optionee") and VERU INC., a Wisconsin corporation (the "Company"). 

RECITALS 

A.    The Company adopted Veru Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the "Plan"), which was approved by its Board of Directors (the "Board") and shareholders effective July 28, 2017.  The Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the "Committee"). 

B.    The Committee has designated Optionee as a participant in the Plan. 

C.    Pursuant to the Plan, Optionee and the Company desire to enter into this Agreement setting forth the terms and conditions of the following option granted to Optionee under the Plan. 

AGREEMENTS 

Optionee and the Company agree as follows: 

1. 
			 Grant of Stock Option  .  The Company grants to Optionee the right and option (hereinafter referred to as the "Option") to purchase all or any part of up to ____ shares (the "Option Shares") of the Company's common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Common Stock "), on the terms and conditions set forth below and in the Plan.     

2. 
			 Option Price  .  The purchase price of the Option Shares shall be $________     per share, which is equal to or greater than the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the Grant Date.  Payment of the purchase price shall be made by the Optionee at the time of exercise in the form of cash or a check or, to the extent permitted by the Committee, under a cashless exercise program implemented by the Company in connection with the Plan.     

3. 
			 Vesting; Period of Exercise  .       

(a)      General Vesting and Period of Exercise  .  This Option shall vest as to the Option Shares as follows:  _________.  Unless the Option is terminated as provided hereunder or under the Plan, Optionee (or in the case of exercise after Optionee's death or disability, Optionee's executor, administrator, heir or legatee, as the case may be) may exercise this Option in whole or in part at any time after the Grant Date as to any Option Shares that have vested until it expires at 5 p.m., Miami, Florida time, on the tenth anniversary of the Grant Date (the "Option Period"). 

(b)      Accelerated Vesting Upon Change of Control  .  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control, the vesting of all of the Option Shares shall immediately be accelerated and all such shares shall be deemed to be fully vested and exercisable. 

(c)      Committee Discretion  .  The Committee shall also have the discretion to accelerate the vesting of this Option to the extent permitted by the Plan, including Section 7(d) of the Plan. 

4. 
			 Definitions  .  Unless provided to the contrary in this Agreement, the definitions contained in the Plan and any amendments to the Plan shall apply to this Agreement.     

5. 
			 Option Designation  .  This Option is intended to be a Non-qualified Stock Option and not an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code.     

6. 
			 Change in Capital Structure  .  The Option rights and exercise price of such Option rights will be adjusted in the event of a stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, recapitalization, reorganization, merger, consolidation, acquisition or other change in the capital structure of the Company as determined by the Committee in accordance with the Plan.     

7. 
			 Nontransferability of Option  .  The Option shall not be transferable other than by will or the laws of descent or distribution and shall be exercisable, during Optionee's lifetime, only by Optionee.     

8. 
			 Delivery by the Company  .  As soon as practicable after receipt by the Company of notice of exercise in the form of Exhibit A hereto and full payment for the shares of Common Stock with respect to which the Option is exercised (which payment may also be made in accordance with a cashless exercise program implemented by the Company in connection with the Plan), the Company shall deliver to Optionee certificate(s) issued, or shall issue the shares in book-entry form, in Optionee's name for the number of Option Shares purchased by exercise of the Option.  If delivery is by mail, delivery of Option Shares shall be deemed effected when the stock transfer agent of the Company shall have deposited the certificates or notice of issuance in book-entry form in the United States mail, addressed to Optionee.       

9. 
			 Addresses  .  All notices or statements required to be given to either party hereto shall be in writing and shall be personally delivered or sent, in the case of the Company, to its principal business office and, in the case of Optionee, to Optionee's address as is shown on the records of the Company or to such address as Optionee designates in writing.  Notice of any change of address shall be sent to the other party by registered or certified mail.  It shall be conclusively presumed that any notice or statement properly addressed and mailed bearing the required postage stamps has been delivered to the party to which it is addressed.     

10. 
			 Restrictions Imposed by Law  .  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Optionee agrees that Optionee shall not exercise the Option and that the Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Common Stock or make any cash payment if counsel to the Company determines that such exercise, delivery or payment would violate any law or regulation of any governmental authority or any agreement between the Company and any national securities exchange upon which the Common Stock is listed.  The Company shall in no event be obligated to take any affirmative action in order to cause the exercise of the Option or the resulting delivery of shares of Common Stock or other payment to comply with any law or regulation of any governmental authority.     

11. 
			 Service Provider Relationship  .  Nothing in this Agreement or in the Plan shall limit the right of the Company or any parent or subsidiary of the Company to terminate Optionee's employment or other form of service relationship or otherwise impose any obligation to employ and/or retain Optionee as a service provider.     

12. 
			 Effect of Termination of Service Provider Relationship  .     

(a) 
			 Termination for Cause  .  If the Optionee is an employee and ceases to be an employee as a result of the Company's termination for Cause, the Option, to the extent not exercised before such termination, shall forthwith terminate.     

(b) 
			 Termination Other Than for Cause  .  If the Optionee ceases to be a service provider for any reason other than termination for Cause as provided in Section 12(a), the Option (to the extent exercisable pursuant to Section 3 above as of the date of the Optionee's termination) shall remain exercisable for twelve months following the date of the Optionee's termination.  If the Optionee dies while a service provider, the Option may be exercised by the executor or administrator of the Optionee's estate or, if none, by the person(s) entitled to exercise the Option under the Optionee's will or the laws of descent or distribution.     

(c) 
			 Unvested Options  .  If the Option (or portion thereof) is not exercisable pursuant to Section 3 above as of the date of the Optionee's termination for any reason, the Option (or portion thereof) shall terminate as of the date of termination.     

13. 
			 Governing Law  .  This Agreement shall be construed, administered and governed in all respects under and by the laws of the State of Wisconsin.     

2   

14. 
			 Provisions Consistent with Plan  .  This Agreement is intended to be construed to be consistent with, and is subject to, all applicable provisions of the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference.  In the event of a conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall prevail.  To the extent any of the terms of this Agreement conflicts with any other agreement between the Optionee and the Company or any Related Entity, the terms of this Agreement shall control and shall supersede any such other agreement.     

[Signature page follows.] 

3   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Non-qualified Stock Option Grant Agreement as of the date first set forth above. 

_______________________________________ 

[Name of Optionee] 

VERU INC. 

BY____________________________________ 

Name: 

Title: 

[Signature page to Non-qualified Stock Option Grant Agreement] 

EXHIBIT A 

Option Exercise 

1.  I exercise my option to purchase the number of shares of Veru Inc. (the  Company ) common stock shown below pursuant to the Company s 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. 

Grant Agreement  

Options Exercised  

Date____________________  

Grant No._________________  

Number____________________  

Per Share  
					 
						 Option Price_________________  

Option Price  
					 
						 Enclosed____________________  

2.  In connection with this Option exercise, I represent the following: 

(a) All conditions under the above-referenced Grant Agreement have been met with respect to the Options exercised. 

(b) I have had access to and have reviewed all current publicly available reports filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission and have based my purchase on that information and not on any other oral or written information supplied by the Company. 

3.  I understand that before I receive my certificate for the shares referenced above, the Company requires me to remit to it an amount sufficient to satisfy any outstanding amounts due the Company and to satisfy any federal, state or local withholding tax requirements. 

Date____________________  

Name_______________________________  
					 
						 (Please print name exactly as it should appear  
					 
						 on your stock certificate)  

Signature______________________________  

</EX-10.18>

<EX-10.33>
 4
 veru-20170930xex10_33.htm
 EX-10.33

Exhibit 1033

Exhibit 10.33 

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

COMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT   (the    Agreement   ), dated as of December   29,   2017 by and between   VERU INC.  , a Wisconsin corporation (the    Company   ), and   ASPIRE CAPITAL FUND, LLC  , an Illinois limited liability company (the    Buyer   ).  Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein are defined in Section 10 hereof.  

WHEREAS: 

Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Company wishes to sell to the Buyer, and the Buyer wishes to buy from the Company, up to Fifteen Million Dollars ($15,000,000) of the Company s common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the    Common Stock   ).  The shares of Common Stock to be purchased hereunder are referred to herein as the    Purchase Shares  .   

NOW THEREFORE  , the Company and the Buyer hereby agree as follows: 

1.     PURCHASE OF COMMON STOCK.   

Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Company has the right to sell to the Buyer, and the Buyer has the obligation to purchase from the Company, Purchase Shares as follows: 

(a)      Commencement of Purchases of Common Stock  .  Immediately upon Commencement (as defined below), the purchase and sale of Purchase Shares hereunder shall occur from time to time upon written notices by the Company to the Buyer on the terms and conditions as set forth herein following the satisfaction of the conditions (the    Commencement   ) as set forth in Sections 6 and 7 below (the date of satisfaction of such conditions, the    Commencement Date   ).       

(b)      The Company s Right to Require Regular Purchases  .  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, on any given Business Day after the Commencement Date, the Company shall have the right but not the obligation to direct the Buyer by its delivery to the Buyer of a Purchase Notice from time to time, and the Buyer thereupon shall have the obligation, to buy the number of Purchase Shares specified in such notice, up to 200,000 Purchase Shares, on such Business Day (as long as such notice is delivered on or before 5:00     p.m.     Eastern time     on such Business Day) (each such purchase, a    Regular Purchase   ) at the Purchase Price on the Purchase Date.  The Company and the Buyer may mutually agree to increase the number of Purchase Shares that may be sold per Regular Purchase to as much as an additional 2,000,000 Purchase Shares per Business Day.  The Company may deliver additional Purchase Notices to the Buyer from time to time       so long as the most recent purchase has been completed.      The share amounts in this Section 1(b) shall be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar transaction. 

(c)      VWAP Purchases  .  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, in addition to purchases of Purchase Shares as described in Section 1(b) above, with one Business Day s prior written notice, the Company shall also have the right but not the obligation to direct the Buyer by the Company s delivery to the Buyer of a VWAP Purchase Notice from time to time, and the Buyer thereupon shall have the obligation, to buy the VWAP Purchase Share Percentage of the trading volume of the Common Stock on the VWAP Purchase Date up to the VWAP Purchase Share Volume Maximum on the VWAP Purchase Date (each such purchase, a    VWAP Purchase   ) at the VWAP Purchase Price.  The Company may deliver a VWAP Purchase Notice to the Buyer on or before 5:00 p.m. Eastern time on a date on which (i) the Company also submitted a Purchase Notice for a Regular Purchase of at least 200,000 Purchase Shares to the Buyer and (ii) the Closing Sale Price is higher than $0.50.  The share amount in the prior sentence shall be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, or other similar transaction.  A VWAP Purchase shall automatically be deemed completed at such time on the VWAP Purchase Date that the Sale Price falls below the VWAP Minimum Price Threshold; in such circumstance, the VWAP Purchase Amount shall be calculated using  (i) the VWAP Purchase Share Percentage of the aggregate shares traded on the Principal Market for such portion of the VWAP Purchase Date prior to the time that the Sale Price fell below the VWAP Minimum Price Threshold and (ii) a VWAP Purchase Price calculated using the volume  

weighted average price of Common Stock sold during such portion of the VWAP Purchase Date prior to the time that the Sale Price fell below the VWAP Minimum Price Threshold.  Each VWAP Purchase Notice must be accompanied by instructions to the Company s     Transfer     Agent to immediately issue to the Buyer an amount of Common Stock equal to the VWAP Purchase Share Estimate, a good faith estimate by the Company of the number of Purchase Shares that the Buyer shall have the obligation to buy pursuant to the VWAP Purchase Notice.  In no event shall the Buyer, pursuant to any VWAP Purchase, purchase a number of Purchase Shares that exceeds the VWAP Purchase Share Estimate issued on the VWAP Purchase Date in connection with such VWAP Purchase Notice; however, the Buyer will immediately return to the Company any amount of Common Stock issued pursuant to the VWAP Purchase Share Estimate that exceeds the number of Purchase Shares the Buyer actually purchases in connection with such VWAP Purchase.  Upon completion of each VWAP Purchase Date, the Buyer shall submit to the Company a confirmation of the VWAP Purchase in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Company.  The Company may deliver additional VWAP Purchase Notices to the Buyer from time to time so long as the most recent purchase has been completed.   

(d)      Payment for Purchase Shares  .  For each Regular Purchase, the Buyer shall pay to the Company an amount equal to the Purchase Amount as full payment for such Purchase Shares via wire transfer of immediately available funds on the same Business Day that the Buyer receives such Purchase Shares.  For each VWAP Purchase, the Buyer shall pay to the Company an amount equal to the VWAP Purchase Amount as full payment for such Purchase Shares via wire transfer of immediately available funds on the second Business Day following the VWAP Purchase Date.  All payments made under this Agreement shall be made in lawful money of the United States of America via wire transfer of immediately available funds to such account as the Company may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.  Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the terms of this Agreement is due on any day that is not a Business Day, the same shall instead be due on the next succeeding day that is a Business Day.   

(e)      Purchase Price Floor  .  The Company and the Buyer shall not effect any sales under this Agreement on any Purchase Date where the Closing Sale Price is less than the Floor Price.     Floor Price    means $0.25 per share of Common Stock, which shall be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar transaction. 

(f)      Records of Purchases  .  The Buyer and the Company shall each maintain records showing the remaining Available Amount at any given time and the dates and Purchase Amounts for each purchase, or shall use such other method reasonably satisfactory to the Buyer and the Company to reconcile the remaining Available Amount. 

(g)      Taxes  .  The Company shall pay any and all transfer, stamp or similar taxes that may be payable with respect to the issuance and delivery of any shares of Common Stock to the Buyer made under this Agreement. 

(h)              Compliance with Principal Market Rules  .  Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, and in addition to the limitations set forth in Section 1(e), the     total     number of shares of Common Stock     that     may be issued under this Agreement, including the Commitment Shares (as defined in Section 4(e) hereof), shall be limited to   10,636,376   shares of Common Stock (the    Exchange Cap   ), which equals 19.99% of the Company s outstanding shares of Common Stock as of the date hereof, unless     stockholder     approval is obtained to issue more than such 19.99%.  The Exchange Cap shall be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar transaction.  The foregoing limitation shall not apply if stockholder approval has not been obtained and at any time the Exchange Cap is reached and at all times thereafter the average price paid for all shares issued under this Agreement is equal to or greater than $  1.19   (the    Minimum Price   ), a price equal to the Closing Sale Price on the Business Day prior to the date hereof (in such circumstance, for purposes of the Principal Market, the transaction contemplated hereby would not be  below market  and the Exchange Cap would not apply).  The Minimum Price shall be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar transaction.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or otherwise, the Company shall not be required or permitted to issue, and the Buyer shall not be required to purchase, any shares of Common Stock under this Agreement if such issuance would breach the Company's obligations under the rules or regulations of the Principal Market.          The Company may, in its sole discretion, determine whether to obtain stockholder approval to issue more than 19.99% of its outstanding shares of Common  

Stock hereunder if such issuance would require stockholder approval under the rules or regulations of the Principal Market. 

(i)      Beneficial Ownership Limitation  . The Company shall not issue, and the Buyer shall not purchase any shares of Common Stock under this Agreement, if such shares proposed to be issued and sold, when aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock then owned beneficially (as calculated pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the    1934 Act   ) and Rule 13d-3 promulgated thereunder) by the Buyer and its affiliates would result in the beneficial ownership by the Buyer and its affiliates of more than 19.99% of the then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company. 

2.    BUYER S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. 

The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company that as of the date hereof and as of the Commencement Date:  

(a)      Investment Purpose  .  The Buyer is entering into this Agreement and acquiring the Commitment Shares and the Purchase Shares (the Purchase Shares and the Commitment Shares are collectively referred to herein as the    Securities   ), for its own account for investment only and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, the public sale or distribution thereof; provided however, by making the representations herein, the Buyer does not agree to hold any of the Securities for any minimum or other specific term    . 

(b)      Accredited Investor Status  .  The Buyer is an  accredited investor  as that term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D under the 1933 Act. 

(c)    [  Intentionally Omitted  .] 

(d)      Information  .  The Buyer has been furnished with all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities that have been reasonably requested by the Buyer, including, without limitation, the SEC Documents (as defined in Section 3(f) hereof).  The Buyer understands that its investment in the Securities involves a high degree of risk.  The Buyer (i) is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities including a total loss, (ii) has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the proposed investment in the Securities and (iii) has had an opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers from the officers of the Company concerning the financial condition and business of the Company and other matters related to an investment in the Securities.  Neither such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigations conducted by the Buyer or its representatives shall modify, amend or affect the Buyer s right to rely on the Company s representations and warranties contained in Section 3 below.  The Buyer has sought such accounting, legal and tax advice as it has considered necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to its acquisition of the Securities. 

(e)      No Governmental Review  .  The Buyer understands that no United States federal or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed on or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities or the fairness or suitability of the investment in the Securities nor have such authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Securities. 

(f)    [  Intentionally Omitted  .] 

(g)      Organization  . The Buyer is a limited liability company duly organized and validly existing in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is organized, and has the requisite organizational power and authority to own its properties and to carry on its business as now being conducted. 

(h)      Validity; Enforcement  .  This Agreement has been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered on behalf of the Buyer and is a valid and binding agreement of the Buyer enforceable against the Buyer in accordance with its terms, subject as to enforceability to (i)     general principles of equity and to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation and other similar laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of applicable creditors  rights and remedies     and (ii) public policy underlying any law, rule or regulation (including any federal or state securities law, rule or regulation) with regards to indemnification, contribution or  

exculpation.     The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents (as defined in Section 3(b) hereof) by the Buyer and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not conflict with the Buyer s certificate of organization or operating agreement or similar documents, and do not require further consent or authorization by the Buyer, its managers or its members    .    

(i)      Residency  .  The Buyer is     a resident   of     the State of Illinois. 

(j)      No Prior Short Selling  .  The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company that at no time prior to the date of this Agreement has any of the Buyer, its agents, representatives or affiliates engaged in or effected, in any manner whatsoever, directly or indirectly, any (i)  short sale  (as such term is defined in Section 242.200 of Regulation SHO of the 1934 Act  )   of the Common Stock or (ii) hedging transaction, which establishes a net short position with respect to the Common Stock. 

3.    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY.  

The Company represents and warrants to the Buyer that as of the date hereof and as of the Commencement Date: 

(a)      Organization and Qualification  .  The Company and its  Subsidiaries  (which for purposes of this Agreement means any entity in which the Company, directly or indirectly, owns     more     than 50%     of the voting stock or capital stock or other similar equity interests) are corporations or limited liability companies duly organized and validly existing in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which they are incorporated or organized, and have the requisite corporate or organizational power and authority to own their properties and to carry on their business as now being conducted.  Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign corporation or limited liability company to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which its ownership of property or the nature of the business conducted by it makes such qualification necessary, except to the extent that the failure to be so qualified or be in good standing would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  As used in this Agreement,  Material Adverse Effect  means any material adverse effect on any of: (i) the business, properties, assets, operations, results of operations or financial condition of the Company and its Subsidiaries, if any, taken as a whole, or (ii) the authority or ability of the Company to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents.  The Company has no material Subsidiaries except as set forth on Schedule 3(a).  

(b)      Authorization; Enforcement; Validity  .  (i) The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement and each of the other agreements entered into by the parties on the Commencement Date and attached hereto as exhibits to this Agreement (collectively, the    Transaction Documents   ), and to issue the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, (ii) the execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including without limitation, the issuance of the Commitment Shares and the reservation for issuance and the issuance of the Purchase Shares issuable under this Agreement, have been duly authorized by the Company s Board of Directors or duly authorized committee thereof, do not conflict with the Company s     Articles   of Incorporation or Bylaws (as defined below), and do not require further consent or authorization     by the Company, its Board of Directors, except as set forth in this Agreement, or its     stockholders    , (iii) this Agreement has been, and each other Transaction Document shall be on the Commencement Date, duly executed and delivered by the Company and (iv) this Agreement constitutes, and each other Transaction Document upon its execution on behalf of the Company, shall constitute, the valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with their terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by     (y)     general principles of equity or applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally, the enforcement of creditors' rights and remedies     and (z) public policy underlying any law, rule or regulation (including any federal or state securities law, rule or regulation) with regards to indemnification, contribution or exculpation    .  The Board of Directors of the Company or duly authorized committee thereof has approved the resolutions (the    Signing Resolutions   ) substantially in the form as set forth as Exhibit B attached hereto to authorize this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby.  The Signing Resolutions are valid, in full force and effect and have not been modified or supplemented in any     material respect    .  The Company has delivered to the Buyer a true and correct copy of the Signing Resolutions as approved by the Board of Directors of the Company.   

(c)      Capitalization  .  As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (i) 77,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.01, of which as of the date hereof,   53,208,489   shares are issued and outstanding,   2,183,704   shares are held as treasury shares,   4,997,500   shares are reserved for future issuance pursuant to the Company s equity incentive plans, of which approximately   603,664   shares remain available for future option grants or stock awards, and   2,585,379   shares are issuable and reserved for issuance pursuant to securities (other than stock options or equity based awards issued pursuant to the Company s stock incentive plans) exercisable or exchangeable for, or convertible into, shares of Common Stock, and (ii)   5,000,000   shares of   Class A   preferred stock,   par value $0.01 per share, and 15,000 shares of Class B preferred stock, par value $0.50 per share, with   liquidation preferences set forth on Schedule 3(c), of which as of the date hereof zero shares are issued and outstanding.  All of such outstanding shares have been, or upon issuance will be, validly issued and are fully paid and non-assessable.  Except as disclosed in Schedule 3(c), (i) no shares of the Company s capital stock are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights or any liens or encumbrances suffered or permitted by the Company, (ii) there are no outstanding debt securities     of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries    , (iii) there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights convertible into, any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) there are no material agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of their securities under the 1933 Act (except the Registration Rights Agreement), (v) there are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (vi) there are no securities or instruments containing anti-dilution or similar provisions that will be triggered by the issuance of the Securities as described in this Agreement and (vii) the Company does not have any stock appreciation rights or  phantom stock  plans or agreements or any similar plan or agreement.  The Company has furnished or made available to the Buyer true and correct copies of the Company s     Articles   of Incorporation, as amended and as in effect on the date hereof (the      Articles   of Incorporation   ), and the Company s Bylaws, as amended and as in effect on the date hereof (the    Bylaws   ). 

(d)      Issuance of Securities  .  The Commitment Shares have been duly authorized and, upon issuance in accordance with the terms hereof, the Commitment Shares shall be (i) validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and (ii) free from all taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issuance thereof.      Upon issuance and payment therefor in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Purchase Shares shall be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free from all taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issue thereof, with the holders being entitled to all rights accorded to a holder of Common Stock. 

(e)      No Conflicts  .  Except as disclosed in Schedule 3(e), the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without limitation, the reservation for issuance and issuance of the Purchase Shares) will not (i) result in a violation of the     Articles   of Incorporation    , Preferences and Rights of any outstanding series of preferred stock of the Company     or the Bylaws or (ii)     conflict with, or     constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, or result, to the Company s knowledge, in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and regulations and the rules and regulations of the Principal Market applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) or by which any property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected, except in the case of     conflicts,     defaults, terminations, amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations under clause (ii),     which     would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  Except as disclosed in Schedule 3(e), neither the Company nor its Subsidiaries is in violation of any term of or in default under its     Articles   of Incorporation    , Preferences and Rights of any outstanding series of preferred stock of the Company     or Bylaws or their organizational charter or bylaws, respectively.  Except as disclosed in Schedule 3(e), neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any term of or is in default under any material contract, agreement, mortgage, indebtedness, indenture, instrument, judgment, decree or order or any statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company or its Subsidiaries, except for possible     violations    , defaults, terminations or amendments     that     would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  The business of the Company  

and its Subsidiaries is not being conducted, and shall not be conducted, in violation of any law, ordinance, or regulation of any governmental entity, except for possible violations, the sanctions for which either individually or in the aggregate would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Except as specifically contemplated by this Agreement    , reporting obligations under the 1934 Act    ,   or as required under the 1933 Act or applicable state securities laws     or the filing of a Listing of Additional Shares Notification Form with the Principal Market    , the Company is not required to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any court or governmental agency or any regulatory or self-regulatory agency in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under or contemplated by the Transaction Documents in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof.  Except as disclosed in Schedule 3(e)   and for     reporting obligations under the 1934 Act    , all consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which the Company is required to obtain pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be obtained or effected on or prior to the Commencement Date.  Except as disclosed in Schedule 3(e), the Company is not subject to any notices or actions from or to the Principal Market     other than routine matters incident to listing on the Principal Market and not involving a violation of the rules of the Principal Market    .  Except as disclosed in Schedule 3(e), to the Company s knowledge, the Principal Market has not commenced any delisting proceedings against the Company. 

(f)      SEC Documents; Financial Statements  . Except as disclosed in Schedule 3(f), since June 30, 2016, the Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act (all of the foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial statements and schedules thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein being hereinafter referred to as the    SEC Documents   ).  As of their respective dates (except as they have been correctly amended), the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC Documents, at the time they were filed with the SEC (except as they may have been properly amended), contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.  As of their respective dates (except as they have been properly amended), the financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto.  Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved (except (i) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial statements or the notes thereto or (ii) in the case of unaudited interim statements, to the extent they may exclude footnotes or may be condensed or summary statements) and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof and the results of its operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments).  Except as disclosed in Schedule 3(f) or routine correspondence, such as comment letters and notices of effectiveness in connection with previously filed registration statements     or periodic reports publicly available on EDGAR, to the Company s knowledge    , the Company or any of its     Subsidiaries     are not presently the subject of any inquiry, investigation or action by the SEC. 

(g)      Absence of Certain Changes  .  Except as disclosed in Schedule 3(g), since June 30, 2017, there has been no     material adverse change in the business, properties, operations, financial     condition     or results of operations of the Company     or its Subsidiaries   taken as a whole.  For purposes of this Agreement, neither a decrease in cash or cash equivalents or in the market price of the Common Stock nor losses incurred in the ordinary course of the Company s business shall be deemed or considered a material adverse change.  The Company has not taken any steps, and does not currently expect to take any steps, to seek protection pursuant to any Bankruptcy Law nor does the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have any knowledge or reason to believe that its creditors intend to initiate involuntary bankruptcy     or insolvency proceedings.  The Company is financially solvent and is generally able to pay its debts as they become due  .    

(h)      Absence of Litigation  .      Except as disclosed in Schedule 3(h), t  o the Company s knowledge, there     is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened against     the Company, the Common Stock or any of the Company s Subsidiaries or any of the Company s or the Company s Subsidiaries  officers or directors in their capacities as such, which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (each, an    Action   ).  A description of each such Action, if any, is set forth in Schedule 3(h). 

(i)      Acknowledgment Regarding Buyer s Status  .  The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Buyer is acting solely in the capacity of arm s length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.  The Company further acknowledges that the Buyer is not acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and any advice given by the Buyer or any of its representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby is merely incidental to the Buyer s purchase of the Securities.  The Company further represents to the Buyer that the Company s decision to enter into the Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation by the Company and its representatives and advisors. 

(j)      Intellectual Property Rights  .        To the Company s knowledge, the     Company and its Subsidiaries own or possess adequate rights or licenses to use all material trademarks, trade names, service marks, service mark registrations, service names, patents, patent rights, copyrights, inventions, licenses, approvals, governmental authorizations, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights (collectively,    Intellectual Property   ) necessary to conduct their respective businesses as now conducted, except as set forth in Schedule 3(j) or to the extent that the failure to own, possess, license or otherwise hold adequate rights to use Intellectual Property would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect.  Except as disclosed in Schedule 3(j),   to the Company s knowledge,   none of the Company s active and registered Intellectual Property have expired or terminated, or, by the terms and conditions thereof,     will     expire or terminate within two years from the date of this Agreement, except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  The Company and its Subsidiaries do not have any knowledge of any infringement by the Company or its Subsidiaries of any Intellectual Property         of others     and, except as set forth on Schedule 3(j), there is no claim, action or proceeding being made or brought against, or to the Company s knowledge, being threatened against, the Company or its Subsidiaries regarding Intellectual Property, which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(k)      Environmental Laws  .    To the Company s knowledge,   the Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in material compliance with any and all applicable foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health and safety     or     the environment     and   with respect to     hazardous or toxic substances or wastes, pollutants or contaminants (   Environmental Laws   ), (ii) have received all material permits, licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses and (iii) are in material compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval, except where, in each of the three foregoing clauses, the failure to so comply or receive such approvals would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

(l)      Title  .  The Company and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title to all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and defects except such as are described in Schedule 3(    l    ) or such as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and any of its Subsidiaries     or would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect    .  Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and any of its Subsidiaries    , to the Company s knowledge,     are held by       them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with such exceptions as are not material and do not interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property and buildings by the Company and its Subsidiaries. 

(m)      Insurance  .  The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be     reasonable     and customary in the businesses in which the Company and its Subsidiaries are engaged.  To the Company s knowledge, since January 1, 2015, neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has been refused any insurance coverage sought or applied for and neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary, to the Company s knowledge, will be unable to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business at a cost that would     not     reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect    . 

(n)      Regulatory Permits  .  The Company and its Subsidiaries possess all material certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as currently conducted, and neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has  

received any written notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such     material     certificate, authorization or permit. 

(o)      Tax Status  .  The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has made or filed all federal and state income and all other material tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject (unless and only to the extent that the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has set aside on its books reserves reasonably adequate for the payment of all unpaid and unreported taxes or filed valid extensions) and has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations, except those being contested in good faith and has set aside on its books reserves reasonably adequate for the payment of all taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply.      To the Company s knowledge, there     are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction    .   

(p)      Transactions With Affiliates  .  Except as set forth on Schedule 3(p) and other than the grant or exercise of stock options     or any other equity securities offered     pursuant to duly adopted stock or incentive compensation plans  as disclosed on Schedule 3(c), none of the officers, directors     or employees of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than for services as employees, officers and directors     and reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company    ), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any corporation, partnership, trust or other entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has     a material     interest or is an officer, director, trustee or     general     partner. 

(q)      Application of Takeover Protections  .  The Company and its board of directors have taken or will take prior to the Commencement Date all necessary action, if any   which the board can take  , in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the     Articles     of Incorporation or the laws of the state of its incorporation, which is or could become applicable to the Buyer as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limitation, the Company s issuance of the Securities and the Buyer s ownership of the Securities.    

(r)      Registration Statement  .  The Shelf Registration Statement (as defined in Section 4(a) hereof) has been declared effective by the SEC, and no stop order has been issued or is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened by the SEC with respect thereto.  As of the date hereof, the Company has a dollar amount of securities registered and unsold under the Shelf Registration Statement, which is not less than the sum of (i) the Available Amount and (ii) the market value of the Commitment Shares on the date hereof. 

4.    COVENANTS. 

(a)      Filing of Form 8-K and Prospectus Supplement  .  The Company agrees that it shall, within the time required under the 1934 Act, file a Current Report on Form 8-K disclosing this Agreement and the transaction contemplated hereby   or the Company may, in its discretion, disclose this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby in its Annual Report on Form 10-K if filed within four Business Days after the date of the execution of this Agreement  .  The Company shall file within two (2) Business Days from the date hereof a prospectus supplement to the Company s existing shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-221120, the    Shelf Registration Statement   ) covering the sale of the Commitment Shares and Purchase Shares (the    Prospectus Supplement   ) in accordance with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement between the Company and the Buyer, dated as of the date hereof (the    Registration Rights Agreement   ).      The Company shall use       its reasonable best efforts to     keep the Shelf Registration Statement       and any New Registration Statement (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement)   effective pursuant to Rule 415 promulgated under the 1933 Act and available for sales of all Securities to the Buyer     until such time as (i) it       no longer qualifies to make sales under the Shelf Registration Statement (which shall be understood to include the inability of the Company to immediately register sales of Securities to the Buyer under the Shelf Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement pursuant to General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3), (ii) the date on which all the Securities have been sold under this Agreement and no Available Amount remains thereunder, or (iii)     the       Agreement has been terminated.      The Shelf Registration Statement (including any amendments or supplements thereto and prospectuses or prospectus supplements, including the Prospectus Supplement, contained  

therein) shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading.    

(b)      Blue Sky  . The Company shall take such action, if any, as is reasonably necessary in order to obtain an exemption for or to qualify (i) the initial sale of the Securities to the Buyer under this Agreement and (ii) any subsequent sale of the Securities by the Buyer, in each case, under applicable securities or  Blue Sky  laws of the states of the United States in such states as is reasonably requested by the Buyer from time to time, and shall provide evidence of any such action so taken to the Buyer at its written request;   provided, however,   that the Company shall not be obligated to file any general consent to service of process or to qualify as a foreign corporation or as a dealer in securities in any jurisdiction in which it is not so qualified or to subject itself to taxation in respect of doing business in any jurisdiction in which it is not otherwise so subject. 

(c)      Listing  .  The Company shall promptly secure the listing of all of the Securities upon each national securities exchange and automated quotation system       that requires an application by the Company for listing    , if any, upon which shares of Common Stock are then listed (subject to official notice of issuance) and shall maintain     such listing    , so long as any other shares of Common Stock shall be so listed.  The Company shall     use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the Common Stock s listing on the Principal Market.  Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall take any action that would be reasonably expected to result in the delisting or suspension of the Common Stock on the Principal Market, unless the Common Stock is immediately thereafter traded on the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE MKT, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Capital Market, or the OTCQB or OTCQX market places of the OTC Markets.  The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligations under this Section. 

(d)      Limitation on Short Sales and Hedging Transactions  .  The Buyer agrees that beginning on the date of this Agreement and ending on the date of termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 11(k), the Buyer and its agents, representatives and affiliates shall not in any manner whatsoever enter into or effect, directly or indirectly, any (i)  short sale  (as such term is defined in Section 242.200 of Regulation SHO of the 1934 Act) of the Common Stock or (ii) hedging transaction, which establishes a net short position with respect to the Common Stock.   

(e)      Issuance of Commitment Shares  .  In connection with the Commencement, the Company shall issue to the Buyer as consideration for the Buyer entering into this Agreement   304,457     shares of Common Stock (the    Commitment Shares   ).  T  he Commitment Shares shall be issued   without any   restrictive legend whatsoever or prior sale requirement  .           

(f)      Due Diligence  .  The Buyer shall have the right, from time to time as the Buyer may reasonably deem appropriate, to perform reasonable due diligence on the Company during normal business hours and subject to reasonable prior notice to the Company.  The Company and its officers and employees shall provide information and reasonably cooperate with the Buyer in connection with any reasonable request by the Buyer related to the Buyer s due diligence of the Company, including, but not limited to, any such request made by the Buyer in connection with (i) the filing of the prospectus supplement described in Section 4(a) hereof and (ii) the Commencement; provided, however, that at no time is the Company required to disclose material nonpublic information to the Buyer   or       breach any obligation of confidentiality or non-disclosure to a third party     or make any disclosure that could cause a waiver of attorney-client privilege  .  Except as may be required by law, court order or governmental authority, each party hereto agrees not to disclose any Confidential Information of the other party to any third party and shall not use the Confidential Information of such other party for any purpose other than in connection with, or in furtherance of, the transactions contemplated hereby; provided, that to the extent such disclosure is required by law, court order or governmental authority, the receiving party shall provide the disclosing party with reasonable prior written notice of such disclosure and make a reasonable effort to assist the disclosing party in obtaining a protective order preventing or limiting the disclosure and/or requiring that the Confidential Information so disclosed be used only for the purposes for which the law, court order or governmental authority requires.  Each party hereto acknowledges that the Confidential Information shall remain the property of the disclosing party and agrees that it shall take all reasonable measures to protect the secrecy of any Confidential Information disclosed by the other party.    

5.    TRANSFER AGENT INSTRUCTIONS. 

All of the Purchase Shares to be issued under this Agreement shall be issued without any restrictive legend unless the Buyer expressly consents otherwise.  The Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to the Transfer Agent, and any subsequent transfer agent, to issue Common Stock in the name of the Buyer for the Purchase Shares (the    Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions   ).  The Company warrants to the Buyer that no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions referred to in this Section 5, will be given by the Company to the Transfer Agent with respect to the Purchase Shares and that the Commitment Shares     and the Purchase Shares shall otherwise be freely transferable on the books and records of the Company as and to the extent provided in this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement. 

6.    CONDITIONS TO THE COMPANY S RIGHT TO COMMENCE       SALES OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. 

The right of the Company hereunder to commence sales of the Purchase Shares         is subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions on or before the Commencement Date (the date that the Company may begin sales of Purchase Shares): 

(a)    The Buyer shall have executed each of the Transaction Documents and delivered the same to the Company; 

(b)    The representations and warranties of the Buyer shall be true and correct as of the Commencement Date as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such specific date) and the Buyer shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the covenants and agreements required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Buyer at or prior to the Commencement Date; and 

(c)    The Prospectus Supplement shall have been delivered to the Buyer and no stop order with respect to the registration statement covering the sale of shares to the Buyer shall be pending or threatened by the SEC.   

7.    CONDITIONS TO THE BUYER S OBLIGATION TO MAKE       PURCHASES OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK. 

The obligation of the Buyer to buy Purchase Shares under this Agreement is subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions on or before the Commencement Date (the date that the Company may begin sales     of Purchase Shares  ) and once such conditions have been initially satisfied, there shall not be any ongoing obligation to satisfy such conditions after the Commencement has occurred: 

(a)    The Company shall have executed each of the Transaction Documents and delivered the same to the Buyer; 

(b)    The Company shall have issued to the Buyer the Commitment Shares;   

(c)    The Common Stock shall be authorized for quotation on the Principal Market, trading in the Common Stock shall not have been within the last 365 days suspended by the SEC or the Principal Market    , other than a general halt in trading in the Common Stock by the Principal Market under halt codes indicating pending or released material news, and the Securities shall be approved for listing upon the Principal Market; 

(d)    The Buyer shall have received the opinion of the Company s legal counsel dated as of the Commencement Date in customary form and substance;  

(e)    The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct in all material respects (except to the extent that any of such representations and warranties is already qualified as to materiality in Section 3 above, in which case, such representations and warranties shall be true and correct without further qualification) as of the date     of this Agreement     and as of the Commencement Date as though made at that time (except for representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date, which shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such specific  

date) and the Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied     in all material respects     with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by the Transaction Documents to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the Commencement Date.  The Buyer shall have received a certificate, executed by the CEO, President or CFO of the Company, dated as of the Commencement Date, to the foregoing effect in the form attached hereto as   Exhibit A  ; 

(f)    The Board of Directors of the Company or a duly authorized committee thereof shall have adopted resolutions     substantially     in the form attached hereto as   Exhibit B   which shall be in full force and effect without any amendment or supplement thereto as of the Commencement Date;   

(g)    As of the Commencement Date, the Company shall have reserved out of its authorized and unissued Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting future purchases of Purchase Shares hereunder,                       5,315,528   shares of Common Stock; 

(h)    The Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, in form acceptable to the Buyer shall have been delivered to and acknowledged in writing by the Company and the Buyer and have been delivered to the Transfer Agent; 

(i)    The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer a certificate evidencing the incorporation and good standing of the Company in the State of Wisconsin issued by the   Department of Financial Institutions   of the State of Wisconsin as of a date within ten (10) Business Days of the Commencement Date; 

(j)    [Intentionally Omitted.]; 

(k)    The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer a secretary s certificate executed by the Secretary of the Company, dated as of the Commencement Date, in the form attached hereto as   Exhibit C  ; 

(l)    The Shelf Registration Statement shall have been declared effective under the 1933 Act by the SEC and no stop order with respect thereto shall be pending or threatened by the SEC.  The Company shall have prepared and delivered to the Buyer a final and complete form of prospectus supplement, dated and current as of the Commencement Date, to be used in connection with any issuances of any Commitment Shares or any Purchase Shares to the Buyer, and to be filed by the Company     within two (2  )     Business Days after the Commencement Date     pursuant to Rule 424(b).  The Company shall have made all filings under all applicable federal and state securities laws necessary to consummate the issuance of the Commitment Shares and the Purchase Shares pursuant to this Agreement in compliance with such laws; 

(m)    No Event of Default has occurred     and is continuing    , or any event which, after notice and/or lapse of time, would become an Event of Default has occurred; 

(n)    On or prior to the Commencement Date, the Company shall  take all necessary action, if any, and such actions as reasonably requested by the Buyer, in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination,     stockholder     rights plan or poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the     Articles     of Incorporation or the laws of the state of its incorporation       that     is or could become applicable to the Buyer as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, without limitation, the Company's issuance of the Securities and the Buyer's ownership of the Securities; and 

(o)    The Company shall have provided the Buyer with the information reasonably requested by the Buyer in connection with its due diligence requests made prior to, or in connection with, the Commencement, in accordance with the terms of Section 4(f) hereof. 

8.    INDEMNIFICATION.   

In consideration of the Buyer s execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and acquiring the Securities hereunder and in addition to all of the Company s other obligations under the Transaction Documents, the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer and all of its affiliates,     members    , officers,  

directors, and employees, and any of the foregoing person s agents or other representatives (including, without limitation, those retained in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) (collectively, the    Indemnitees   ) from and against any and all third party actions, causes of action, suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of whether any such Indemnitee is a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable attorneys  fees and disbursements (the    Indemnified Liabilities   ), incurred by any Indemnitee as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to (a) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made by the Company in the Transaction Documents or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (b) any breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation of the Company contained in the Transaction Documents or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, or (c) any cause of action, suit or claim brought or made against such Indemnitee and arising out of or resulting from the execution, delivery, performance or enforcement of the Transaction Documents or any other certificate, instrument or  document contemplated hereby or thereby, other than with respect to Indemnified Liabilities which directly and primarily result from (A) a breach of any of the Buyer s representations and warranties, covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement, or (B) the gross negligence    , bad faith or willful misconduct of the Buyer or any other Indemnitee.  To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable for any reason, the Company shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities which is permissible under applicable law. 

9.    EVENTS OF DEFAULT.   

An    Event of Default    shall be deemed to have occurred at any time as any of the following events occurs: 

(a)    during any period in which the effectiveness of any registration statement is required to be maintained pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, the effectiveness of such registration statement lapses for any reason         (including, without limitation, the issuance of a stop order) or is unavailable to the Company for sale of all of the Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) to the Buyer in accordance with the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, and such lapse or unavailability continues for a period of ten (10) consecutive Business Days or for more than an aggregate of thirty (30) Business Days in any 365-day period, which is not in connection with a post-effective amendment to any such registration statement or the filing of a new registration statement; provided, however, that in connection with any post-effective amendment to such registration statement or filing of a new registration statement that is required to be declared effective by the SEC, such lapse or unavailability may continue for a period of no more than thirty (30) consecutive Business Days, which such period shall be extended for an additional thirty (30) Business Days if the Company receives a comment letter from the SEC in connection therewith;  

(b)    the suspension from trading or failure of the Common Stock to be listed on a Principal Market for a period of three (3) consecutive Business Days; 

(c)    the delisting of the Common Stock from the Principal Market, and the Common Stock is not immediately thereafter trading on the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE MKT, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market,   the   Nasdaq   Capital Market, the OTC Bulletin Board or the OTCQB marketplace or OTCQX marketplace of the OTC Markets Group  ; 

(d)    the failure for any reason by the Transfer Agent to issue Purchase Shares to the Buyer within five (5) Business Days after the applicable Purchase Date     that     the Buyer is entitled to receive; 

(e)    the Company s breach of any     representation or warranty (as of the dates made),   covenant or other term or condition under any Transaction Document if such breach would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and except, in the case of a breach of a covenant which is reasonably curable, only if such breach continues uncured for a period of at least five (5) Business Days; 

(f)    if any Person commences a proceeding against the Company pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law;  

(g)    if the Company pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law; (A) commences a voluntary case, (B) consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case, (C) consents to the  

appointment of a Custodian of it or for all or substantially all of its property, (D) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors     or     (E) becomes insolvent    ;   

(h)    a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that (A) is for relief against the Company in an involuntary case, (B) appoints a Custodian of the Company or for all or substantially all of its property, or (C) orders the liquidation of the Company or any Subsidiary; or  

(i)    if at any time after the Commencement Date, the Exchange Cap is reached unless and until stockholder approval is obtained pursuant to Section 1(h) hereof.  The Exchange Cap shall be deemed to be reached at such time if, upon submission of a Purchase Notice or VWAP Purchase Notice under this Agreement, the issuance of such shares of Common Stock would exceed the number of shares of Common Stock which the Company may issue under this Agreement without breaching the Company s obligations under the rules or regulations of the Principal Market.  

In addition to any other rights and remedies under applicable law and this Agreement, including the Buyer termination rights under Section 11(k) hereof, so long as an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or if any event which, after notice and/or lapse of time, would become an Event of Default, has occurred and is continuing, or so long as the Closing Sale Price is below the Floor Price, the Company may not require and the Buyer shall not be obligated to purchase any shares of Common Stock under this Agreement.  If pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law, the Company commences a voluntary case or any Person commences a proceeding against the Company, a Custodian is appointed for the Company or for all or substantially all of its property, or the Company makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, (any of which would be an Event of Default as described in Sections 9(f), 9(g) and 9(h)     hereof) this Agreement shall automatically terminate without any liability or payment to the Company without further action or notice by any Person.  No such termination of this Agreement under Section 11(k)(i) shall affect the Company s or the Buyer s obligations under this Agreement with respect to pending purchases and the Company and the Buyer shall complete their respective obligations with respect to any pending purchases under this Agreement. 

10.    CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS.   

For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(a)       1933 Act    means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

(b)       Available Amount    means initially Fifteen Million Dollars ($15,000,000) in the aggregate which amount shall be reduced by the Purchase Amount each time the Buyer purchases shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 1 hereof. 

(c)       Bankruptcy Law    means Title 11, U.S. Code, or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors.  

(d)       Business Day    means any day on which the Principal Market is open for trading during normal trading hours (i.e., 9:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time), including any day on which the Principal Market is open for trading for a period of time less than the customary time.  

(e)       Closing Sale Price    means the last closing trade price for the Common Stock on the Principal Market as reported by the Principal Market.  

(f)       Confidential Information    means any information disclosed by either party to the other party, either directly or indirectly, in writing, orally or by inspection of tangible objects (including, without limitation, documents, prototypes, samples, plant and equipment), which is designated as "Confidential," "Proprietary" or some similar designation. Information communicated orally shall be considered Confidential Information if such information is expressly identified as Confidential Information at the time of such initial disclosure and confirmed in writing as being Confidential Information within ten (10) Business Days after the initial disclosure. Confidential Information may also include information disclosed to a disclosing party by third parties. Confidential Information shall not, however, include any information which (i) was publicly known and made generally available in the public  

domain prior to the time of disclosure by the disclosing party; (ii) becomes publicly known and made generally available after disclosure by the disclosing party to the receiving party through no action or inaction of the receiving party; (iii) is already in the possession of the receiving party at the time of disclosure by the disclosing party as shown by the receiving party s files and records immediately prior to the time of disclosure; (iv) is obtained by the receiving party from a third party without a breach of such third party s obligations of confidentiality; (v) is independently developed by the receiving party without use of or reference to the disclosing party s Confidential Information, as shown by documents and other competent evidence in the receiving party s possession; or (vi) is required by law to be disclosed by the receiving party, provided that the receiving party gives the disclosing party prompt written notice of such requirement prior to such disclosure and assistance in obtaining an order protecting the information from public disclosure. 

(g)       Custodian    means any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law.  

(h)       Maturity Date    means the date that is thirty-six (36) months from the Commencement Date.    

(i)       Person    means an individual or entity including any limited liability company, a partnership, a joint venture, a corporation, a trust, an unincorporated organization and a government or any department or agency thereof.  

(j)       Principal Market    means the Nasdaq Capital Market; provided however, that in the event the Company s Common Stock is ever listed or traded on the New York Stock Exchange, the NYSE MKT, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq   Capital Market, the OTC Bulletin Board or either of the OTCQB Marketplace or the OTCQX marketplace of the OTC Markets Group, then   the  Principal Market  shall mean such other market or exchange on which the Company s Common Stock is then listed or traded. 

(k)       Purchase Amount    means, with respect to any particular purchase made hereunder, the portion of the Available Amount to be purchased by the Buyer pursuant to Section 1 hereof as set forth in a valid Purchase Notice or VWAP Purchase Notice which the Company delivers to the Buyer.  

(l)       Purchase Date    means, with respect to any Regular Purchase made hereunder, the Business Day of receipt by the Buyer of a valid Purchase Notice that the Buyer is to buy Purchase Shares pursuant to Section 1(b) hereof.  

(m)        Purchase Notice    shall mean an irrevocable written notice from the Company to the Buyer directing the Buyer to buy Purchase Shares pursuant to Section 1(b) hereof as specified by the Company therein at the applicable Purchase Price on the Purchase Date.   

(n)         Purchase Price    means the lesser of (i) the lowest Sale Price of the Common Stock on the Purchase Date or (ii) the arithmetic average of the three (3) lowest Closing Sale Prices for the Common Stock during the ten (10) consecutive Business Days ending on the Business Day immediately preceding such Purchase Date (to be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar transaction).  

(o)       Sale Price    means any trade price for the shares of Common Stock on the Principal Market during normal trading hours, as reported by the Principal Market.  

(p)       SEC    means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.  

(q)       Transfer Agent    means the transfer agent of the Company as set forth in Section 11(f) hereof or such other person who is then serving as the transfer agent for the Company in respect of the Common Stock. 

(r)       VWAP Minimum Price Threshold    means, with respect to any particular VWAP Purchase Notice, the Sale Price on the VWAP Purchase Date equal to the greater of (i) 80% of the Closing Sale Price on the Business Day immediately preceding the VWAP Purchase Date or (ii) such higher price as set forth by the Company in the VWAP Purchase Notice.  

(s)       VWAP Purchase Amount    means, with respect to any particular VWAP Purchase Notice, the portion of the Available Amount to be purchased by the Buyer pursuant to Section 1(c) hereof pursuant to a valid VWAP Purchase Notice which requires the Buyer to buy the VWAP Purchase Share Percentage of the aggregate shares traded on the Principal Market during normal trading hours on the VWAP Purchase Date up to the VWAP Purchase Share Volume Maximum, subject to the VWAP Minimum Price Threshold.  

(t)       VWAP     Purchase Date    means, with respect to any VWAP Purchase made hereunder, the Business Day following the receipt by the Buyer of a valid VWAP Purchase Notice that the Buyer is to buy Purchase Shares pursuant to Section 1(c) hereof.  

(u)       VWAP Purchase Notice    shall mean an irrevocable written notice from the Company to the Buyer directing the Buyer to buy Purchase Shares on the VWAP Purchase Date pursuant to Section 1(c) hereof as specified by the Company therein at the applicable VWAP Purchase Price with the applicable VWAP Purchase Share Percentage specified therein.   

(v)       VWAP Purchase Share Percentage    means, with respect to any particular VWAP Purchase Notice pursuant to Section 1(c) hereof, the percentage set forth in the VWAP Purchase Notice which the Buyer will be required to buy as a specified percentage of the aggregate shares traded on the Principal Market during normal trading hours up to the VWAP Purchase Share Volume Maximum on the VWAP Purchase Date subject to Section 1(c) hereof but in no event shall this percentage exceed thirty percent (30%) of such VWAP Purchase Date s share trading volume of the Common Stock on the Principal Market during normal trading hours. 

(w)         VWAP Purchase Price    means the     lesser     of (i) the Closing Sale Price on the VWAP Purchase Date; or (ii) ninety-seven percent (97%) of volume weighted average price for the Common Stock traded on the Principal Market during normal trading hours on (A) the VWAP Purchase Date if the aggregate shares traded on the Principal Market on the VWAP Purchase Date have not exceeded the VWAP Purchase Share Volume Maximum and the Sale Price of Common Stock has not fallen below the VWAP Minimum Price Threshold (to be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar transaction), or (B) the portion of the VWAP Purchase Date until such time as the sooner to occur of (1) the time at which the aggregate shares traded on the Principal Market has exceeded the VWAP Purchase Share Volume Maximum, or (2) the time at which the Sale Price of Common Stock falls below the VWAP Minimum Price Threshold (to be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar transaction).  

(x)       VWAP Purchase Share Estimate    means the number of shares of Common Stock that the Company has in its sole discretion irrevocably instructed its Transfer Agent to issue to the Buyer via the Depository Trust Company (   DTC   ) Fast Automated Securities Transfer Program in connection with a VWAP Purchase Notice pursuant to Section 1(c) hereof and issued to the Buyer s or its designee s balance account with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal At Custodian (DWAC) system on the VWAP Purchase Date (to be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar transaction).  

(y)         VWAP Purchase Share Volume Maximum    means a number of shares of Common Stock traded on the Principal Market during normal trading hours on the VWAP Purchase Date equal to: (i) the VWAP Purchase Share Estimate, divided by (ii) the VWAP Purchase Share Percentage (to be appropriately adjusted for any reorganization, recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar transaction).  

11.    MISCELLANEOUS. 

(a)      Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Jury Trial  .  The   corporate   laws of the State of Wisconsin shall govern     all issues concerning the relative rights of the Company and its     stockholders    .  All other questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of Illinois, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Illinois or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Illinois.  Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of Chicago, for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder  

or under the other Transaction Documents or in connection herewith or therewith, or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper.  Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for such notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof.  Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law.    EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

(b)      Counterparts  .  This Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party; provided that a facsimile     or pdf (or other electronic reproduction)     signature shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force and effect as if the signature were an original, not a facsimile     or pdf (or other electronic reproduction)     signature. 

(c)      Headings  .  The headings of this Agreement are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement. 

(d)      Severability  .  If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of any provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction. 

(e)      Entire Agreement  .  This Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement supersede all other prior oral or written agreements between the Buyer, the Company, their affiliates and persons acting on their behalf with respect to the matters discussed herein, and this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor the Buyer makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters.  Each of the Company and the Buyer acknowledge and agree that it has not relied on, in any manner whatsoever, any representations or statements, written or oral, other than as expressly set forth in this Agreement.   

(f)      Notices  .  Any notices, consents or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by facsimile (provided confirmation of transmission is mechanically or electronically generated and kept on file by the sending party); (iii) upon receipt, when sent by electronic message (provided the recipient responds to the message and confirmation of both electronic messages are kept on file by the sending party); or (iv) one (1) Business Day after timely deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, in each case properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The addresses and facsimile numbers for such communications shall be: 

or at such other address and/or facsimile number and/or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by written notice given to each other party at least one (1) Business Day prior to the effectiveness of such change.  Written confirmation of receipt (A) given by the recipient of such notice, consent or other communication, (B) mechanically or electronically generated by the sender s facsimile machine containing the time, date, and recipient facsimile number, (C) electronically generated by the sender s electronic mail containing the time, date and recipient email address or (D) provided by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, shall be rebuttable evidence of receipt in accordance with clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above, respectively. 

(g)      Successors and Assigns  .  This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and assigns.  The Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Buyer, including by merger or consolidation; provided, however, that any transaction, whether by merger, reorganization, restructuring, consolidation, financing or otherwise, whereby the Company remains the surviving entity immediately after such transaction shall not be deemed a succession or assignment.  The Buyer may not assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement. 

(h)      No Third Party Beneficiaries  .  This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other person. 

(i)      Publicity  .  The Buyer shall have the right to approve   (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed)   before issuance any disclosure   in any press release, SEC filing or other public document   made by or on behalf of the Company whatsoever with respect to, in any manner, the Buyer, its purchases hereunder or any aspect of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby; provided, however, that the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of the Buyer, to make any press release or other public disclosure (including any filings with the SEC) with respect to such transactions as is required by applicable law and regulations so long as the Company and its counsel consult with the Buyer in connection with any such press release or other public disclosure at least one (1)     Business Day prior to its release; provided, however, that the Company s obligations pursuant to this Section 11(i) shall not apply if the material provisions of such press release, SEC filing, or other public disclosure previously has been publicly disclosed by the Company in accordance with this Section 11(i).  The Buyer must be provided with a copy   of the disclosure   at least one (1) Business Day prior to any release or use by the Company thereof  , it being understood that the Buyer's review and approval of any disclosure pursuant to this Section 11(i) relates solely to the portions of any document that references the Buyer, its purchases hereunder or any aspect of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby and not to any other part of any such document  .       

(j)      Further Assurances  .  Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(k)      Termination  .  This Agreement may be terminated only as follows:  

(i)    By the Buyer any time an Event of Default exists without any liability or payment to the Company.  However, if pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law, the Company commences a voluntary case or any Person commences a proceeding against the Company, a Custodian is appointed for the Company or for all or substantially all of its property, or the Company makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, (any of which would be an Event of Default as described in Sections 9(f), 9(g) and 9(h) hereof) this Agreement shall automatically terminate without any liability or payment to the Company without further action or notice by any Person.  No such termination of this Agreement under this Section 11(k)(i) shall affect the Company s or the Buyer s obligations under this Agreement with respect to pending purchases and the Company and the Buyer shall complete their respective obligations with respect to any pending purchases under this Agreement. 

(ii)    In the event that the Commencement shall not have occurred the Company shall have the option to terminate this Agreement for any reason or for no reason without any liability whatsoever of either party to the other party under this Agreement. 

(iii)    In the event that the Commencement shall not have occurred within ten (10) Business Days  of the date of this Agreement, due to the failure to satisfy any of the conditions set forth in Sections 6 and 7 above with respect to the Commencement, either party shall have the option to terminate this Agreement at the close of business on such date or thereafter without liability of either party to any other party; provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 11(k)(iii) shall not be available to either party if such failure to satisfy any of the conditions set forth in Sections 6 and 7 is the result of a breach of this Agreement by such party or the failure of any representation or warranty of such party included in this Agreement to be true and correct     in all material respects    .   

(iv)     At any time after the Commencement Date, the Company shall have the option to terminate this Agreement for any reason or for no reason by delivering notice (a    Company Termination Notice   ) to the Buyer electing to terminate this Agreement without any liability whatsoever of either party to the other party under this Agreement.  The Company Termination Notice shall not be effective until one (1) Business Day after it has been received by the Buyer.  

(v)    This Agreement shall automatically terminate on     the   date that the Company sells and the Buyer purchases the full Available Amount as provided herein        ,    without any action or notice on the part of any party and without any liability whatsoever of any party to any other party under this Agreement. 

(vi)    If by the Maturity Date for any reason or for no reason the full Available Amount under this Agreement has not been purchased as provided for in Section 1 of this Agreement, this Agreement shall automatically terminate on the Maturity Date, without any action or notice on the part of any party and without any liability whatsoever of any party to any other party under this Agreement.   

Except as set forth in Sections 11(k)(i) (in respect of an Event of Default under Sections 9(f), 9(g) and 9(h)), 11(k)(v) and 11(k)(vi), any termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Section 11(k) shall be effected by written notice from the Company to the Buyer, or the Buyer to the Company, as the case may be, setting forth the basis for the termination hereof.  The representations and warranties of the Company and the Buyer contained in Sections 2, 3 and 5 hereof, the indemnification provisions set forth in Section 8 hereof and the agreements and covenants set forth in Sections 4(e) and     11, shall survive the Commencement and any termination of this Agreement.  No termination of this Agreement shall affect the Company s or the Buyer s rights or obligations (i) under the Registration Rights Agreement which shall survive any such termination in accordance with its terms or (ii) under this Agreement with respect to pending purchases and the Company and the Buyer shall complete their respective obligations with respect to any pending purchases under this Agreement.   

(l)      No Financial Advisor, Placement Agent, Broker or Finder  .  The Company represents and warrants to the Buyer that it has not engaged any financial advisor, placement agent, broker or finder in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.  The Buyer represents and warrants to the Company that it has not engaged any financial advisor, placement agent, broker or finder in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.  Each party shall be responsible for the payment of any fees or commissions, if any, of any financial advisor, placement agent, broker or finder engaged by such party relating to or arising out of the transactions contemplated hereby.  Each party shall pay, and hold the other party harmless against, any liability, loss or expense (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees and out of pocket expenses) arising in connection with any such claim. 

(m)      No Strict Construction  .  The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. 

(n)      Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver  .  No failure or delay in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege. 

*     *     *     *     * 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,   the Buyer and the Company have caused this Common Stock Purchase Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first written above. 

THE COMPANY: 

VERU INC. 

By:     /s/ Mitchell S. Steiner, M.D. 

Name:      Mitchell S. Steiner, M.D. 

Title:    President and Chief Executive Officer 

BUYER: 

ASPIRE CAPITAL FUND, LLC 

BY: ASPIRE CAPITAL PARTNERS, LLC 

BY:   CHRISKO INVESTORS INC. 

By:     /s/ Christos Komissopoulos  

Name:    Christos Komissopoulos 

Title:    President 

</EX-10.33>

<EX-10.34>
 5
 veru-20170930xex10_34.htm
 EX-10.34

Exhibit 1034

Exhibit 10.34 

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT   (this    Agreement   ), dated as of   December   29  ,    201  7  , by and between   VERU INC.  ,    a    Wisconsin   corporation (the    Company   ), and   ASPIRE CAPITAL FUND, LLC,   an Illinois limited liability company (together with its permitted assigns, the    Buyer   ).  Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Common Stock Purchase Agreement by and between the parties hereto, dated as of the date hereof (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the    Purchase Agreement   ). 

WHEREAS: 

A.               Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Purchase Agreement, (i) the Company has agreed to issue to the Buyer, and the Buyer has agreed to purchase,  up to   Fifteen   Million Dollars ($  15  ,000,000) of the Company s common stock, par value $  0.01   per share (the    Common Stock   ), pursuant to Section 1 of the Purchase Agreement (such shares, the    Purchase Shares   ), and (ii) the Company has agreed to issue to the Buyer such number of shares of Common Stock as is required pursuant to Section 4(e) of the Purchase Agreement (the    Commitment Shares     );   and 

B.               To induce the Buyer to enter into the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide certain registration rights under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, or any similar successor statute (collectively, the    1933 Act   ), and applicable state securities laws    . 

NOW, THEREFORE,   in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby       acknowledged, the Company and the Buyer hereby agree as follows: 

1.               DEFINITIONS. 

As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

a.                  Person    means any person or entity including any corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a partnership, an organization, a business, an individual, a governmental or political subdivision thereof or a governmental agency. 

b.                Prospectus    means the base prospectus, including all documents incorporated therein by reference, included in any Registration Statement       (as hereinafter defined)  , as it may be supplemented by a prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement (as hereinafter defined), in the form in which such prospectus and/or Prospectus Supplement have most recently been filed by the Company with the   U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the    SEC   )   pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the 1933 Act, together with any then issued  issuer free writing prospectus(es),  as defined in Rule 433 of the 1933 Act, relating to the Registrable Securities. 

c  .                  Register  ,     registered  ,  and    registration    refer to a registration effected by preparing and filing one or more registration statements of the Company in compliance with the 1933 Act and pursuant to Rule 415 under the 1933 Act or any successor rule providing for offering securities on a continuous basis (   Rule 415   ), and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of such registration statement(s) by the   SEC  . 

d  .                  Registrable Securities    means the Purchase Shares   that     may from time to time be issued or issuable to the Buyer upon purchases of the Available Amount under the Purchase Agreement   (without regard to any limitation or restriction on purchases)  ,   the Commitment Shares issued or issuable to the Buyer  ,    and any shares of capital stock issued or issuable with respect to the Purchase Shares, the Commitment Shares     or the Purchase Agreement as a result of any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange or similar event, without regard to any limitation on purchases under the Purchase Agreement. 

e  .                  Registration Statement    means   the Shelf Registration Statement and   any     other   registration statement of the Company  , as amended when it became effective, including all documents filed as part thereof or incorporated by reference therein, and including any information contained in a Prospectus subsequently filed with the   SEC   pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the 1933 Act or deemed to be a part of such registration statement pursuant to Rule 430B or 462(b) of the 1933 Act,   covering only the sale of the Registrable Securities. 

f.                  Shelf Registration Statement    means the Company s existing registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-  221120  ). 

2.               REGISTRATION. 

a.               Mandatory Registration  .  The Company shall within   two    (  2  ) Business   Day  s       from the   Commencement Date   file with the SEC   a prospectus supplement to   the   Shelf     Registration Statement     specifically relating to   the Registrable Securities   (  the      Prospectus Supplement   ).      The Buyer and its counsel   shall   have   had   a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon such   Prospectus Supplement     prior to its filing with the SEC    .       The Buyer shall furnish all information reasonably requested by the Company for inclusion therein.  The Company shall use   its     commercially   reasonable     efforts to keep the Shelf   Registration Statement effective pursuant to Rule 415 promulgated under the 1933 Act and available for sales of all of the Registrable Securities at all times until the earlier of (i) the   Company no longer qualifies   to   make sales   under the   Shelf Registration Statement   (which shall be understood to include the inability of the Company to immediately register sales of   Registrable   Securities to the Buyer under the Shelf Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement (as defined below) pursuant to General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3)  ,   (ii) the date on which the   Company   shall have sold all the Registrable Securities and no Available Amount remains under the Purchase Agreement  , or (iii) the date on which the Purchase Agreement is terminated   (the    Registration Period   ).  The   Shelf   Registration Statement (including any amendments or supplements thereto and prospectuses contained therein) shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.   

b.               Rule 424 Prospectus  .  The Company shall, as required by applicable securities regulations,     from time to time     file with the SEC, pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated under the 1933 Act,     a prospectus    , including any amendments or   prospectus supplements   thereto  , to be used in connection with sales of the Registrable Securities under the Registration Statement.  The Buyer and its counsel shall have     two (2  ) Business Day  s   to review and comment upon such prospectus prior to its filing with the SEC.  The Buyer shall use its   commercially   reasonable efforts to comment   upon such prospectus within two (2  ) Business Day  s   from the date the Buyer receives the final version of such prospectus.  

c.               Sufficient Number of Shares Registered  .  In the event the number of shares available under the   Shelf   Registration Statement is insufficient to cover the Registrable Securities, the Company shall, to the extent necessary and permissible, amend the   Shelf   Registration Statement or file a new registration statement (a    New Registration Statement   ), so as to cover all   of   such Registrable Securities as soon as   reasonably   practicable, but in any event not later than ten (10) Business Days after the necessity therefor arises.  The Company shall use its reasonable   best   efforts to have such amendment and/or New Registration Statement become effective as soon as reasonably practicable following the filing thereof.     

3.               RELATED OBLIGATIONS. 

With respect to the Registration Statement and whenever any Registrable Securities are to be registered pursuant to Sections 2(a) and (c), including on   the Shelf Registration Statement or on   any New Registration Statement, the Company shall use its   commercially   reasonable efforts to effect the registration of the Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method of disposition thereof and, pursuant thereto, the Company shall have the following obligations: 

a.               The Company shall prepare and file with the SEC such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to any Registration Statement and   any New Registration Statement and any Prospectus   used in connection with such Registration Statement, as may be necessary to keep the Registration Statement or any     New Registration Statement effective at all times during the Registration Period, subject to   Permitted  

Delays and   Section 3(e)   hereof   and, during such period, comply with the provisions of the 1933 Act with respect to the disposition of all Registrable Securities of the Company covered by the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement until such time as all of such Registrable Securities shall have been disposed of in accordance with the intended methods of disposition by the seller or sellers thereof as set forth in such Registration Statement.  Should the Company file a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or a New Registration Statement, the Company will use its   commercially   reasonable efforts to have such filing declared effective by the SEC within   thirty    (  3  0  ) consecutive Business Days   following   the date of filing    , which such period shall be extended for an additional   thirty   (  3  0  ) Business Days if the Company receives a comment letter from the SEC in connection therewith  .    If (i) there is material non-public information regarding the Company which the Company s Board of Directors reasonably determines not to be in the Company s best interest to disclose and which the Company is not otherwise required to disclose or (ii) there is a significant business opportunity (including, but not limited to, the acquisition or disposition of assets (other than in the ordinary course of business) or any merger, consolidation, tender offer or other similar transaction) available to the Company which the Company s Board of Directors reasonably determines not to be in the Company s best interest to disclose and which the Company would be required to disclose under a Registration Statement or a New Registration Statement, then the Company may postpone or suspend filing or effectiveness of such Registration Statement or New Registration Statement or use of the prospectus under the Registration Statement or     New Registration Statement for a period not to exceed thirty (30) consecutive days, provided that the Company may not postpone or suspend its obligation under this Section 3(a) for more than sixty (60) days in the aggregate during any twelve (12) month period (each, a    Permitted Delay   ). 

b.               The Company shall submit to the Buyer for review and comment any disclosure in the Registration Statement  ,     and all amendments and supplements thereto   (other than prospectus supplements that consist only of a copy of a filed Form   10-K, Form   10-Q or Current Report on Form 8-K or any amendment as a result of the Company s filing of a document that is incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement)  ,    containing information provided by the Buyer for inclusion in such document and any descriptions or disclosure regarding the Buyer, the Purchase Agreement, including the transaction contemplated thereby, or this Agreement at least   two (2  ) Business   Days   prior to their filing with the SEC, and not file any document in a form to which Buyer reasonably and timely objects.  Upon request of the Buyer, the Company shall provide to the Buyer all disclosure in the Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto (other than prospectus supplements that consist only of a copy of a filed Form 10     K, Form 10-Q or Current Report on Form 8-K or any amendment as a result of the Company s filing of a document that is incorporated by reference into a Registration Statement  ) at least   two (2  ) Business Day  s   prior to their filing with the SEC    , and not file any document in a form to which Buyer reasonably and timely objects.      The Buyer shall use its reasonable   best   efforts to comment upon the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement and any amendments or supplements thereto within   two (2  ) Business Day  s   from the date the Buyer receives the final version thereof.  The Company shall furnish to the Buyer, without charge, any correspondence from the SEC or the staff of the SEC to the Company or its representatives relating to the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement. 

c.               Upon request of the Buyer, the Company shall furnish to the Buyer, (i) promptly after the same is prepared and filed with the SEC, at least one copy of the Registration Statement and any amendment(s) thereto, including   all   financial statements and schedules, all documents incorporated therein by reference and all exhibits, (ii) upon the effectiveness of     any amendment(s) to   a     Registration Statement, a copy of the prospectus included in such Registration Statement and all amendments and supplements thereto (or such other number of copies as the Buyer may reasonably request) and (iii) such other documents, including copies of any preliminary or final prospectus, as the Buyer may reasonably request from time to time in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by the Buyer. 

d.               The Company shall use   commercially   reasonable efforts to (i) register and qualify, unless an exemption from registration and qualification is available, the Registrable Securities covered by a Registration Statement under such other securities or  blue sky  laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Buyer reasonably requests, (ii)   subject to Permitted Delays,   prepare and file in those jurisdictions, such amendments (including post-effective amendments) and supplements to such registrations and qualifications as may be necessary to maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Registration Period, (iii) take such other actions as may be necessary to maintain such registrations and qualifications in effect at all times during the Registration Period, and (iv) take all other actions reasonably necessary or advisable to qualify the Registrable Securities for sale in such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (x)  

qualify to do business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this Section 3(d), (y) subject itself to general taxation in any such jurisdiction, or (z) file a general consent to service of process in any such jurisdiction.  The Company shall promptly notify the Buyer of the receipt by the Company of any notification with respect to the suspension of the registration or qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale under the securities or  blue sky  laws of any jurisdiction in the United States or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding for such purpose. 

e.               Subject to Permitted Delays, a  s promptly as reasonably practicable after becoming aware of such event or facts, the Company shall notify the Buyer in writing if the Company has determined that the   Prospectus   included in any Registration Statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, and   as promptly as reasonably practical (taking into account the Company s good faith assessment of any adverse consequences to the Company and its stockholders of premature disclosure of such event or facts)   prepare a prospectus supplement or amendment to such Registration Statement to correct such untrue statement or omission, and, upon the Buyer s request, deliver a copy of such prospectus supplement or amendment to the Buyer.  In providing this notice to the Buyer, the Company shall not include any other information about the facts underlying the Company s determination and shall not in any way communicate any material nonpublic information about the Company or the Common Stock to the Buyer.  The Company shall also promptly notify the Buyer in writing (i) when a prospectus or any prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment has been filed, and when a Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment has become effective (notification of such effectiveness shall be delivered to the Buyer by facsimile or e-mail on the same day of such effectiveness), (ii) of any request by the SEC for amendments or supplements to any Registration Statement or related prospectus or related information, and (iii) of the Company s reasonable determination that a post-effective amendment to a Registration Statement would be appropriate.    In no event shall the delivery of a notice under this Section 3(e), or the resulting unavailability of a Registration Statement, without regard to its duration, for disposition of securities by Buyer be considered a breach by the Company of its obligations under this Agreement.  The preceding sentence in this Section 3(e) does not limit whether an event of default has occurred as set forth in Section 9(a) of the Purchase Agreement. 

f.               The Company shall use its   commercially   reasonable efforts to prevent the issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness of any Registration Statement, or the suspension of the qualification of any Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction and, if such an order or suspension is issued, to obtain the withdrawal of such order or suspension at the earliest practical time and to notify the Buyer of the issuance of such order and the resolution thereof or its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding for such purpose. 

g.               The Company shall (i) cause all the Registrable Securities to be listed on each securities exchange on which securities of the same class or series issued by the Company are then listed, if any, if the listing of such Registrable Securities is then permitted under the rules of such exchange, or (ii) secure designation and quotation of all the Registrable Securities if the Principal Market (as such term is defined in the Purchase Agreement) is an automated quotation system.  The Company shall pay all fees and expenses in connection with satisfying its obligation under this Section. 

h.               The Company shall cooperate with the Buyer to facilitate the timely preparation and delivery of certificates (not bearing any restrictive legend) representing the Registrable Securities to be offered pursuant to any Registration Statement and enable such certificates to be in such denominations or amounts as the Buyer may reasonably request and registered in such names as the Buyer may request. 

i.               The Company shall at all times provide a transfer agent and registrar with respect to its Common Stock. 

j.               If reasonably requested by the Buyer, the Company shall (i)     promptly       incorporate in a prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement such information as the Buyer believes should be included therein relating to the sale and distribution of Registrable Securities, including, without limitation, information with respect to the number of Registrable Securities being sold, the purchase price being paid therefor and any other terms of the offering of the Registrable Securities; (ii) make all required filings of such  

prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment   as   promptly   as practicable once   notified of the matters to be incorporated in such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment; and (iii) supplement or make amendments to any Registration Statement. 

k.               The Company shall use its   commercially   reasonable efforts to cause the Registrable Securities covered by any Registration Statement to be registered with or approved by such other governmental agencies or authorities     in the United States   as may be necessary to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities. 

l.               If       reasonably requested by the Buyer     at any time    , the Company shall         deliver to the Buyer a written confirmation of whether or not the effectiveness of such Registration Statement has lapsed at any time for any reason (including, without limitation, the issuance of a stop order) and whether or not the Registration Statement is currently effective and available to the   Company   for sale of all of the Registrable Securities.   

m.              The Company agrees     to take all other reasonable actions as necessary and reasonably requested by the Buyer     to expedite and facilitate disposition by the Buyer of Registrable Securities pursuant to any Registration Statement. 

4.               OBLIGATIONS OF THE BUYER. 

a.                 The Buyer has furnished to the Company in   Exhibit   A   hereto such information regarding itself, the Registrable Securities held by it and the intended method of disposition of the Registrable Securities held by it as required to effect the registration of such Registrable Securities and shall execute such documents in connection with such registration as the Company may reasonably request. The Company shall notify the Buyer in writing of any other information the Company reasonably requires from the Buyer in connection with any Registration Statement hereunder. The Buyer will as promptly as practicable notify the Company of any material change in the information set forth in   Exhibit   A  , other than changes in its ownership of the Common Stock. 

b.               The Buyer agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing of any amendments and supplements to any Registration Statement hereunder. 

5.               EXPENSES OF REGISTRATION. 

All reasonable expenses of the Company, other than sales or brokerage commissions and fees and disbursements of counsel for the Buyer, incurred in connection with registrations, filings or qualifications pursuant to Sections 2 and 3, including, without limitation, all registration, listing and qualifications fees, printers and accounting fees, and fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, shall be paid by the Company. 

6.               INDEMNIFICATION. 

a.               To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company will, and hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Buyer, each Person, if any, who controls the Buyer, the members, the directors, officers, partners, employees, agents, representatives of the Buyer and each Person, if any, who controls the Buyer within the meaning of the 1933 Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the    1934 Act   ) (each, an    Indemnified Person   ), against any   third party   losses, claims, damages, liabilities, judgments, fines, penalties, charges, costs, reasonable attorneys  fees, amounts paid in settlement   (with the   prior   consent of the Company, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) or reasonable   expenses, (collectively,    Claims   ) reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding, investigation or appeal taken from the foregoing by or before any court or governmental, administrative or other regulatory agency or body or the SEC, whether pending or threatened, whether or not an indemnified party is or may be a party thereto (   Indemnified Damages   ), to which any of them may become subject insofar as such Claims (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon: (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact in the Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereto or in any filing made in connection with the qualification of the offering under the securities or other  blue sky  laws of any jurisdiction in which Registrable Securities are offered (   Blue Sky Filing   ), or the omission or alleged omission  

to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, (ii) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the final   Prospectus   or the omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which the statements therein were made, not misleading    ,       or (iii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act, any other law, including, without limitation, any state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder relating to the offer or sale of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement     (the matters in the foregoing clauses (i) through (    iii    ) being, collectively,    Violations   ).  The Company shall reimburse each Indemnified Person promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable, for any reasonable legal fees or other reasonable expenses incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim.      Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the indemnification agreement contained in this Section 6(a): (A) shall not apply to a Claim by an Indemnified Person arising out of or based upon a Violation which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by   the Buyer or   such Indemnified Person expressly for use in connection with the preparation of the Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement  , the Prospectus   or any such amendment thereof or supplement thereto, if such prospectus was timely made available by the Company    ; (B) with respect to any superseded prospectus, shall not inure to the benefit of any such person from whom the person asserting any such Claim purchased the Registrable Securities that are the subject thereof (or to the benefit of any     other Indemnified Person  ) if the untrue statement or omission of material fact contained in the superseded prospectus was corrected in the revised prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, if such revised prospectus was timely made available by the Company     pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 3(e), and the   Indemnified Person   was promptly advised in writing not to use the incorrect prospectus   prior to the use giving rise to a violation; (C) shall not be available to the extent such Claim is based on a failure of the Buyer to deliver, or to cause to be delivered, the prospectus made available by the Company, if such prospectus was theretofore made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 3(e); and (D) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.  Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of the Indemnified Person and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities by the Buyer pursuant to Section   8  . 

b.               In connection with the Registration Statement any New Registration Statement   or Prospectus  , the Buyer agrees to     indemnify, hold harmless and defend, to the same extent and in the same manner as is set forth in Section 6(a), the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers who   signed     the Registration Statement or   signs   any New Registration Statement, each Person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act (collectively and together with an Indemnified Person, an    Indemnified Party   ), against any Claim or Indemnified Damages to which any of them may become subject, under the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act or otherwise, insofar as such Claim or Indemnified Damages arise out of or are based upon any Violation, in each case to the extent, and only to the extent, that such Violation occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with written information about the Buyer set forth on   Exhibit   A   attached hereto or updated from time to time in writing by the Buyer     and furnished to the Company by the Buyer expressly for   inclusion   in the   Shelf   Registration Statement   or Prospectus   or any New Registration Statement or from the failure of the Buyer to deliver or to cause to be delivered the prospectus made available by the Company, if such prospectus was timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 3(e); and, subject to Section 6(d), the Buyer will reimburse any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any such Claim; provided, however, that the indemnity agreement contained in this Section 6(b) and the agreement with respect to contribution contained in Section 7 shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Buyer, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld  .  Such indemnity shall remain in full force and effect   and shall survive the transfer of the Registrable Securities by the Buyer pursuant to Section   8  .   

c.               Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving a Claim, such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party shall, if a Claim in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 6, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof, and the indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Indemnified Person or the Indemnified Party, as the case may be, and upon such notice, the indemnifying party shall not be liable to the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party for any legal or other expenses subsequently incurred by the Indemnified  

Person or Indemnified Party in connection with the defense thereof; provided, however, that an Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party   (together with all other Indemnified Persons and Indemnified Parties that may be represented without conflict by one counsel)   shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the fees and expenses to be paid by the indemnifying party, if, in the reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the indemnifying party, the representation by such counsel of the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to actual or potential differing interests between such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party and any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding. The Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person shall cooperate with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or claim by the indemnifying party and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available to the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person which relates to such action or claim.  The indemnifying party shall keep the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person fully apprised as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto.  No indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its written consent, provided, however, that the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent.  No indemnifying party shall, without the consent of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person of a release from all liability in respect to such claim or litigation.  Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all rights of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person with respect to all third parties, firms or corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made.  The failure to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such action shall not relieve such indemnifying party of any liability to the Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 6, except to the extent that the indemnifying party is prejudiced in its ability to defend such action. 

d.               The indemnification required by this Section 6 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or Indemnified Damages are incurred.  Any person receiving a payment pursuant to this Section 6 which person is later determined to not be entitled to such payment shall return such payment   (including reimbursement of expenses)   to the person making it. 

e.               The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person against the indemnifying party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the indemnifying party may be subject to pursuant to the law. 

7.               CONTRIBUTION. 

To the extent any indemnification by an indemnifying party is prohibited or limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum contribution with respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be liable under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted by law; provided, however, that: (i) no seller of Registrable Securities guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the 1933 Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any   party   who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation; and (ii) contribution by any seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in amount to the net amount of proceeds received by such seller from the sale of such Registrable Securities. 

8  .                 ASSIGNMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS. 

The Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Buyer  ; provided, however, that any transaction, whether by merger, reorganization, restructuring, consolidation, financing or otherwise, whereby the Company remains the surviving entity immediately after such transaction shall not be deemed an assignment  .  The Buyer may not assign its rights under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the Company.  

9  .               AMENDMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS. 

Provisions of this Agreement may be amended and the observance thereof may be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively) only with the written consent of the Company and the Buyer. 

10  .              MISCELLANEOUS. 

a.               Any notices, consents  , waivers   or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) upon receipt  ,   when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt  ,   when sent by facsimile (provided confirmation of transmission is mechanically or electronically generated and kept on file by the sending party);   (iii) upon receipt, when sent by electronic message (provided the recipient responds to the message and confirmation of both electronic messages are kept on file by the sending party);   or (i  v  ) one (1) Business Day after timely deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, in each case properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The addresses and facsimile numbers for such communications shall be: 

or at such other address and/or facsimile number and/or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by written notice given to each other party   at least   one (1) Business Day prior to the effectiveness of such change.  Written confirmation of receipt (A) given by the recipient of such notice, consent  , waiver   or other communication, (B) mechanically or electronically generated by the sender s facsimile machine containing the time, date, and recipient facsimile number, (C) electronically generated by the sender s electronic mail containing the time,  

date and recipient email address or (D) provided by a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, shall be rebuttable evidence of receipt in accordance with clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above, respectively.    Any party to this Agreement may give any notice or other communication hereunder using any other means (including messenger service, ordinary mail or electronic mail), but no such notice or other communication shall be deemed to have been duly given unless it actually is received by the party for whom it is intended. 

b.               No failure or delay in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise thereof or of any other right, power or privilege. 

c.               The   corporate   laws of the State of   Wisconsin   shall govern     all issues concerning the relative rights of the Company and its stockholders.  All     other questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of Illinois, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Illinois or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of Illinois.  Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of Chicago for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper.  Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for such notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof.  Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law.  If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or enforceability of any provision of this Agreement in any other jurisdiction.    EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 

d.               This Agreement  ,   the Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction Documents constitute the entire understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof.  There are no restrictions, promises, warranties or undertakings, other than those set forth or referred to herein and therein.  This Agreement  ,   the Purchase Agreement     and the other Transaction Documents supersede all other prior oral or written agreements between the Buyer, the Company, their affiliates and persons acting on their behalf with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof. 

e.               Subject to the requirements of Section   8  , this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the permitted successors and assigns of each of the parties hereto. 

f.               The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference and shall not form part of, or affect the interpretation of, this Agreement. 

g.               This Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party; provided that a facsimile or pdf (or other electronic reproduction of a) signature shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force and effect as if the signature were an original, not a facsimile or pdf (or other electronic reproduction of a) signature. 

h.               Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

i.               The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. 

j.               This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person. 

* * * * * * 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,   the parties have caused this Registration Rights Agreement to be duly executed as of day and year first above written. 

THE COMPANY  : 

VERU INC. 

By:     /s/ Mitchell S. Steiner, M.D. 

Name:    Mitchell S. Steiner, M.D. 

Title:   President and Chief Executive Officer 

BUYER: 

ASPIRE CAPITAL FUND, LLC 

BY: ASPIRE CAPITAL PARTNERS, LLC 

BY:   CHRISKO INVESTORS INC  . 

By:     /s/ Christos Komissopoulos 

Name:   Christos Komissopoulos 

Title: President 

EXHIBIT A 

Information About The Buyer Furnished To The Company By The Buyer 

Expressly For Use In Connection With The Registration Statement and Prospectus 

Aspire Capital Partners LLC ( Aspire Partners ) is the Managing Member of Aspire Capital Fund LLC ( Aspire Fund ).  SGM Holdings Corp ( SGM ) is the Managing Member of Aspire Partners.  Mr. Steven G. Martin ( Mr. Martin ) is the president and sole shareholder of SGM, as well as a principal of Aspire Partners.  Mr. Erik J. Brown ( Mr. Brown ) is the president and sole shareholder of Red Cedar Capital Corp ( Red Cedar ), which is a principal of Aspire Partners.  Mr. Christos Komissopoulos ( Mr. Komissopoulos ) is president and sole shareholder of Chrisko Investors Inc ( Chrisko ), which is a principal of Aspire Partners.  Each of Aspire Partners, SGM, Red Cedar, Chrisko, Mr. Martin, Mr. Brown, and Mr. Komissopoulos may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of common stock held by Aspire Fund. Each of Aspire Partners, SGM, Red Cedar, Chrisko, Mr. Martin, Mr. Brown, and Mr. Komissopoulos disclaims beneficial ownership of the common stock held by Aspire Fund. 

</EX-10.34>

<EX-10.9>
 6
 veru-20170930xex10_9.htm
 EX-10.9

Exhibit 109

Exhibit 10.9 

CONSULTING AGREEMENT 

This Consulting Agreement (the  Agreement ) is entered into as of this 1st day of January, 2017   (the  Effective Date ) by and between Harry Fisch, M.D., FACS, an individual residing at 30 Springdale Road, Scarsdale, NY 10583 (the   "  Consultant  ") and The Female Health Company, a Wisconsin corporation d/b/a Veru Healthcare with its corporate headquarters at 4400 Biscayne Blvd., Suite 888, Miami FL 33137 (the   "  Company  "  ).    

Recitals 

A. 
			 The Company is engaged in, among other things, the commercialization and development of proprietary pharmaceuticals, medical devices and Monograph health products   (the  Products )  .     

B. 
			 Consultant a foremost expert on reproductive health and the STD epidemic.    Consultant has had numerous academic and clinical appointments as well as a significant media presence.     

C. 
			 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company desires to engage the services of the Consultant, and the Consultant desires to consult with the Company.  Consultant will provide consulting services regarding a variety of subjects including medical affairs, marketing and sales, effective   go-to-market and media and other promotion of the Company s Products  .     

Agreement 

In consideration of the Recitals and the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement the Company and the Consultant agree as set forth below. 

1. 
			 Definitions  .  In addition to terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, when used in this Agreement the terms set forth below shall have the meanings indicated.     

Affiliate  means any Person which controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the Company.  The term  control  means the ownership, directly or indirectly, of more than 50 percent of the voting stock or equity interest of the subject Person. 

Effective Date  means January 1  st  , 2017. 

Person  means any natural person, corporation, unincorporated organization, partnership, association, joint stock company, joint venture, trust or government, or any agency or political subdivision of any government, or any other entity. 

Term  means the period during which this Agreement is in effect. 

2. 
			 Engagement  .  The Company engages the Consultant to provide consulting services to the Company, and the Consultant accepts such engagement, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement.     

3. 
			 Term  .  The term of the Consultant s engagement pursuant to this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and continue until the earlier of:  (i) a period of twelve months (subject to earlier termination in accordance with the provisions of Section           12     from the date hereof; or (ii) until such time as Consultant is appointed an Officer of the Company by the Company s Board of Directors. The term shall automatically renew for additional six month periods unless the Agreement is otherwise terminated in accordance with Section 12 prior to any given expiration date.     

4. 
			 Duties  .  During the term of this Agreement, the Consultant shall consult with representatives of the Company and its Affiliates concerning among other things:     

(a) 
			 effective go-to-market and media and other promotion of the Company s Products; and     

(b) 
			 such other mutually agreed upon matters as the Company may reasonably request from time to time.     

The Consultant s contact at the Company shall be the Company s CEO and   President  , and such other persons as he may designate from time to time by notice to the Consultant.  In providing services to the Company, the Consultant shall use Consultant s best efforts, skills and abilities to promote the interests of the Company and to diligently and competently perform the duties under this Agreement. Consultant shall dedicate his working time and attention during the term in order to perform the services.   

5. 
			 Compensation  .  As the sole compensation for the performance of services under this Agreement and the Consultant s observance and performance of all of the provisions of this Agreement, the Consultant will be compensated at rate of $15,000 per month with Consultant committing to devote at least twenty (20) hours per week exclusively to Company business.      

6. 
			 Reimbursement of Expenses  .  All travel plans and expenses must be approved in advance by the Company.  Upon submission of proper supporting documentation and in specific accordance with such guidelines as may be established from time to time by the Company, the Consultant shall be reimbursed by the Company for reasonable expenses actually and necessarily incurred by the Consultant on behalf of the Company in connection with the performance of services requested by Company under this Agreement.  A copy of the expense report and supporting documentation should be faxed to the individual designated by the Company and the original expense reports and supporting documentation should be sent by mail or hand delivered to the Company.     

7. 
			 Representations of Consultant; Compliance with Law  .     

(a) 
			 The Consultant represents and warrants that: (a) Consultant is not a party to, or bound by, any agreement or commitment, or subject to any restriction, including but not limited to agreements related to existing or previous employment containing confidentiality or noncompete covenants, which in the now or in the future could interfere with the performance by the Consultant of the services under this Agreement or to the knowledge of the Consultant may have a possibility of adversely affecting the business of the Company; and (b) to the knowledge of the consultant none of the data or information to be provided to Company by Consultant will violate any patent or other intellectual property right of any Person.     

(b) 
			 At all times throughout the duration of the Agreement, Consultant agrees to perform his duties hereunder in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, including but not limited to, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 and its subsequent amendments.  Consultant expressly agrees and acknowledges that he will not, and shall not, permit any agent or representative to, directly or indirectly, offer, pay, promise to pay or authorize the payment of money or anything of value to any governmental official, representative, entity or person, for the purpose of influencing such persons' decisions or actions regarding the Company or its business activities.     

8. 
			   Confidentiality  .     

(a) 
			 Confidential Information  .  The Consultant acknowledges that (1) as a result of Consultant s engagement under this Agreement, the Consultant will obtain knowledge of, and access to, proprietary and confidential information of the Company and its Affiliates, including, without limitation, inventions, discoveries, trade secrets, know-how, technical information, systems, processes, methods, designs, manufacturing practices, specifications, models, formulae, prototypes, samples, laboratory and clinical testing results, compounds financial and marketing information, business plans, the identity of customers and suppliers, and the identity of products under development, (collectively, the  Confidential Information ), (2) such information, even though it may be contributed, developed or acquired by the Consultant, constitutes valuable, special and unique assets of the Company developed at significant expense which are the exclusive property of the Company, (3) the restrictions on disclosure and use of Confidential Information set forth below are reasonable and necessary to protect the Company and its Affiliates and are not unreasonably restrictive of any personal rights, and (4) the Company would not enter into this Agreement without the assurance that all Confidential Information will be used for the exclusive benefit of the Company.   

2   

Accordingly, the Consultant shall not, at any time, either during or subsequent to the Term (A) use the Confidential Information, except in the performance of services under this Agreement, and (B) disclose to any Person, any of the Confidential Information without the prior written consent of the Company, except to responsible officers and employees of the Company and its Affiliates and other responsible persons who are in a contractual or fiduciary relationship with the Company and who have a need for such information for purposes in the best interests of the Company; provided that the foregoing restrictions on use and disclosure shall not apply to any Confidential Information which:  (i) at the time of disclosure can be demonstrated to be already known to Consultant as evidenced by written documents in the Consultant s possession, unless such Confidential Information was obtained in connection with the Consultant s prior service to the Company or is the subject of another confidentiality agreement with or other obligation of secrecy to the Company or another Person; (ii) at the time of disclosure or subsequent thereto is generally available to the public other than by an act or omission on the part of Consultant; (iii) is acquired from or made available by a third Person that is not bound by a confidentiality agreement with or other obligation of secrecy to the Company or another Person; or (iv) is required to be disclosed pursuant to an order of a court or governmental authority, provided that the Consultant gives the Company prompt written notice of any such requirement so that the Company may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy and Consultant cooperates with the Company in obtaining such an order or other appropriate remedy at no cost to the Consultant.     

(b) 
			 Return of Confidential Information  .  Upon the termination of Consultant s engagement by the Company, the Consultant shall promptly deliver to the Company all drawings, manuals, letters, notes, notebooks, reports and copies thereof and all other materials relating to the Company s business, including without limitation any materials incorporating Confidential Information, which are in the Consultant s possession or control, except that which is legally required to properly keep record of the work that the Consultant has performed for the Company, provided that Consultant shall remain subject to all confidentiality obligations provided herein.     

9. 
			   New Discoveries  .  Any and all inventions, discoveries and technical data (whether patentable or not), or the use or preparation thereof (i) resulting from or arising in connection with Consultant s services for the Company hereunder, and (ii) conceived, reduced to practice, or advanced by Consultant during the Term of this Agreement or during Consultant s prior service to the Company, and which relate to the Products upon which Consultant has rendered services to the Company or its Affiliates hereunder or under any research or other agreement, whether performed by or on behalf of Consultant or the Company, shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company.  Consultant shall promptly disclose to the Company any and all of such inventions, discoveries and technical data becoming known to Consultant as a result of or related to the performance of the duties hereunder and shall furnish to the Company in writing all relevant information with respect thereto.  At the request of the Company, Consultant shall (i) execute, without charge to the Company, irrevocable assignments to the Company or its nominees, of Consultant s entire right, title and interest in and to such inventions, discoveries and technical data throughout the world, including, without limitation, all patent applications and patents relating thereto and all right to file, obtain and maintain such applications and patents, (ii) execute, without charge to the Company, any and all other documents necessary or desirable to permit the Company to file and maintain such patent applications and patents, and (iii) assist the Company in securing, defending and enforcing such rights.  Consultant hereby binds not only itself, but its successors and assigns to execute all such documents and instruments and to do all acts which may be necessary or required by the Company to perfect title to said inventions, discoveries and patents in the Company, its successors and assigns.  The provisions of this section shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement for a period of five (5) years.     

10. 
			   Remedies  .  The restrictions set forth in Sections             8     and             9     are considered by the parties to be reasonable for the purposes of protecting the value of the business of the Company.  The Consultant acknowledges that compliance by Consultant with the restrictions set forth in Sections             8     and             9     will not prevent Consultant from earning a livelihood.  The Consultant acknowledges that the Company would be irreparably harmed and that monetary damages would not provide an adequate remedy in the event of a breach of the provisions of Sections             8     or             9    .  Accordingly, the Consultant agrees that, in addition to any other remedies available to the Company, the Company shall be entitled to injunctive and other equitable relief to secure the enforcement of these provisions, and shall be entitled to receive reimbursement from the Consultant for all attorneys  fees and expenses incurred by the Company in enforcing these provisions, should the Company prevail.  It is the desire and intent of the parties that the provisions of Sections             8     and             9     be enforced to the fullest extent permissible under the laws and public policies of each jurisdiction in which enforcement is sought.     

3   

11. 
			   Conflicts of Interest  .  The Consultant covenants and agrees that during the term of this Agreement, he will not have any relationship with any Person which could create a conflict of interest between the Consultant on the one hand and the Company or any of its Affiliates on the other.     

12. 
			   Termination  .  This Agreement may be terminated upon the occurrence of any of the events set forth in, and subject to the terms of, this Section             12    .     

(a) 
			 Death  .  This Agreement will terminate immediately and automatically upon the death of the Consultant.     

(b) 
			 Disability  .  This Agreement may be terminated at the Company s option, immediately upon notice to the Consultant, if the Consultant shall suffer a permanent disability.  For the purposes of this Agreement, the term  permanent disability  shall mean the Consultant s inability to perform its duties under this Agreement for a period of 90 consecutive days or for an aggregate of 120 days, whether or not consecutive, in any twelve-month period (the  Disability Period ), due to illness, accident or any other physical or mental incapacity, as reasonably determined in good faith by the Company.     

(c) 
			 Cause  .  This Agreement may be terminated at the Company s option, immediately upon notice to the Consultant, upon: (i) breach by the Consultant of any material provision of this Agreement; (ii) negligence or willful misconduct of the Consultant in connection with the performance of its duties under this Agreement; (iii) fraud, criminal conduct (as evidenced by the filing of any criminal action against the Consultant) or embezzlement by the Consultant; or (iv) Consultant s misappropriation for personal use of assets or business opportunities of the Company.     

(d) 
			 Without Cause  .  This Agreement may be terminated by the Company or the Consultant without Cause upon notice to the other party.       

(e) 
			 Effect of Termination  .  In the event of any termination under this Section             12    , the Company shall have no further obligation under this Agreement to make any payments to, or bestow any benefits on, the Consultant from and after the date of the termination, other than payments or benefits accrued and due and payable to it prior to the date of the termination.       

(b) 
			 Entire Agreement  .  This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding of the parties and merges and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous agreements between the parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof.  The provisions of this Agreement shall be in addition to, and shall not be deemed to diminish or have any impact upon, any noncompetition, nonsolicitation or confidentiality provisions to which the Consultant has agreed to with the Company or its Affiliates prior to the date hereof.     

(c) 
			 Modification  .  This Agreement may not be modified or terminated orally, and no modification, termination or attempted waiver of any of the provisions hereof shall be binding unless in writing and signed by the party against whom the same is sought to be enforced.     

(d) 
			 Waiver  .  Failure of a party to enforce one or more of the provisions of this Agreement or to require at any time performance of any of the obligations hereof shall not be construed to be a waiver of such provisions by such party nor to in any way affect the validity of this Agreement or such party s right thereafter to enforce any provision of this Agreement, nor to preclude such party from taking any other action at any time which it would legally be entitled to take.     

(e) 
			 Successors and Assigns  .  Consultant shall not have the right to assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the consent of the Company.       

4   

(f) 
			 Additional Acts  .  The Consultant and the Company each agrees to execute, acknowledge and deliver and file, or cause to be executed, acknowledged and delivered and filed, any and all further instruments, agreements or documents as may be necessary or expedient in order to consummate the transactions provided for in this Agreement and do any and all further acts and things as may be necessary or expedient in order to carry out the purpose and intent of this Agreement.     

(g) 
			 Communications  .  All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if delivered by hand, sent by facsimile transmission with confirmation of receipt, sent via a reputable overnight courier service with confirmation of receipt requested, or mailed by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid and return receipt requested) to the parties at the following addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice), and shall be deemed given on the date on which delivered by hand or otherwise on the date of receipt as confirmed; provided, however, that any notice of change of address shall be effective only upon receipt.     

To the Company: 

Veru Healthcare 

4400 Biscayne Blvd, Suite 888 

Miami, FL 33137 

Attn:  SVP Corp. Dev.   Legal 

To the Consultant: 

Harry Fisch, MD, FACS 

30 Springdale Road 

Scarsdale, NY 10583 

(h) 
			 Severability  .  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the other provisions of this Agreement and the provision held to be invalid or unenforceable shall be enforced as nearly as possible according to its original terms and intent to eliminate such invalidity or unenforceability.     

(i) 
			 Governing Law  .  This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida, without regard to the conflicts of law principles thereof.     

(j) 
			 Jurisdiction; Venue  .  This Agreement shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Miami-Dade County, Florida.  Any breach of any provision of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a breach occurring in the State of Florida by virtue of a failure to perform an act required to be performed in the State of Florida, and the parties irrevocably and expressly agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of Miami-Dade County, Florida for the purpose of resolving any disputes among them relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  The parties irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which they may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or any judgment entered by any court in respect hereof brought in Miami-Dade County, Florida, and further irrevocably waive any claim that any suit, action or proceeding brought in Miami-Dade County, Florida has been brought in an inconvenient forum.     

(k) 
			 Independent Contractor  .  The parties intend that the relationship of the Consultant to the Company be that of an independent contractor.  Accordingly, except as otherwise required by law, payments to the Consultant shall be made free of withholding for federal, state and local taxes, including without limitation social security taxes, income taxes, and unemployment compensation taxes.  The Consultant shall be responsible for all federal, state and local taxes relating to amounts received by it under this Agreement.  The Company shall not obtain workers compensation insurance, disability insurance coverage of whatever nature and any other insurance.  Because Consultant is an independent contractor, Consultant is not eligible for, nor entitled to, and shall not participate in, any of the Company s benefits, including without limitation, pension, bonus and profit sharing plans, health insurance, life insurance, paid vacation, paid holidays, sick leave and disability insurance coverage.  Consultant shall have no right or authorization, express or implied, to assume or create any obligation on behalf of the Company.     

5   

(l) 
			 Publication  .  Consultant agrees that Consultant will not publish any manuscript or other written document based upon information or data resulting from its performance of services hereunder for the Company, without the prior written consent of the Company.     

(m) 
			 Indemnification  .  Consultant hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Company and its directors, officers, employees and agents from, against and in respect of, the full amount established in a final judgment issued by a court of competent jurisdiction (and which is not the subject of a pending appeal) of all liabilities, damages, claims, deficiencies, fines, assessments, losses, taxes, penalties, interest, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel, arising from, in connection with, or incident to any breach or violation of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of Consultant contained in this Agreement; and (ii) any and all actions, suits, proceedings, demands, assessments or judgments, costs and expenses incidental to any of the foregoing.     

(n) 
			 Acknowledgement and Attorney Review  .  CONSULTANT FURTHER STATES THAT IT HAS CAREFULLY READ THIS AGREEMENT, IT HAS BEEN FULLY EXPLAINED TO IT, THAT IT HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO, HAS BEEN URGED BY THE COMPANY TO, AND HAS HAD THE AGREEMENT REVIEWED BY AN ATTORNEY, THAT IT FULLY UNDERSTANDS ITS FINAL AND BINDING EFFECT, THAT THE ONLY PROMISES MADE TO IT TO SIGN THE AGREEMENT ARE THOSE STATED IN THE AGREEMENT, AND THAT IT IS SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT VOLUNTARILY.     

[Signatures on following page] 

6   

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has duly executed this Agreement as of the date set forth above. 

THE     FEMALE     HEALTH     COMPA  NY 

d/b/a     VERU     HEALTHCARE 

By:         /s/     Mitchell     S.     Steiner                    

Mitchell     S.     Steiner,     MD,     FACS 

CEO     and     President 

CONSULTANT 

By:       /s/     Harry     Fisch                             

Harry     Fisch,     MD,     FACS 

30     Springdale     Road 

Scarsdale,     NY     10583 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-21>
 7
 veru-20170930xex21.htm
 EX-21

Exhibit 21 - Veru Inc

Exhibit 21 

Subsidiaries of Veru Inc. (1) 

The subsidiaries of Veru Inc. are as follows: 

Name  

Jurisdiction of Organization  

Aspen Park Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  

Delaware  

Badger Acquisition Sub, Inc.  

Delaware  

The Female Health Company Limited  

United Kingdom  

The Female Health Company (UK) Plc.  

United Kingdom  

The Female Health Company (M) SDN.BHD  

Malaysia  

______________________ 

(1)    All subsidiaries are wholly owned, directly or indirectly, by Veru Inc. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 8
 veru-20170930xex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 231

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (No. 333-154252) on Form S-8   and the Registration Statement (No. 333-221120)     on Form S-3   of Veru Inc. (formerly   known as The Female Health Company)  of our report dated December 29, 2017  relating to the consolidated financial s  tatements of Veru Inc. (formerly   known as The Female Health Company) , appearing in  this Annual Report on Form 10-K   of Veru Inc. (formerly   known as The Female Health Company)  for the year ended September 30, 2017.   

/s/ RSM US LLP 

Chicago, Illinois 

December 29, 2017 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 veru-20170930xex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 311

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Mitchell S. Steiner, certify that: 

1. 
			 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Veru Inc.;     

2. 
			 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

3. 
			 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

4. 
			 The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a   15(f) and 15d   15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

(a) 
			 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b) 
			 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c) 
			 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d) 
			 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and     

5. 
			 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a) 
			 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b) 
			 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.     

Date:  December 29, 2017 

/s/Mitchell S. Steiner 

Mitchell S. Steiner 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 veru-20170930xex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 312

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Daniel Haines, certify that: 

1. 
			 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Veru Inc.;     

1. 
			 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;     

2. 
			 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;     

3. 
			 The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a   15(f) and 15d   15(f)) for the registrant and have:     

(a) 
			 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;     

(b) 
			 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;     

(c) 
			 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and     

(d) 
			 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and     

4. 
			 The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):     

(a) 
			 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and     

(b) 
			 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.     

Date:  December 29, 2017 

/s/Daniel Haines 

Daniel Haines 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 veru-20170930xex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 321

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of Periodic Financial Report 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each of the undersigned officers of Veru Inc. (the "Company") certifies that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended September 30, 2017 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in that Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:  December 29, 2017      /s/Mitchell S. Steiner  

Mitchell S. Steiner 

Chief Executive Officer 

Dated:  December 29, 2017      /s/Daniel Haines  

Daniel Haines 

Chief Financial Officer 

This certification is made solely for purpose of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, subject to the knowledge standard contained therein, and not for any other purpose. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.INS>
 13
 veru-20170930.xml
 EX-101.INS

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 veru-20170930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 veru-20170930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 veru-20170930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 veru-20170930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 veru-20170930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

